[Music]
music music
[Applause]
[Music]
let's play
we play we play
we play Let's play
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay, okay. I hope you had a good time.
a wonderful day Thank you forever
we love you
Let's go let's go
kids
high heel shoe woman dancing
woman dancing
see dancing
Well
[Music]
[Applause]
We turn off the music, how are you?
very good night, very good night is coming
delox
comes from logs
Delox is coming again today Delox is coming again
liked it yesterday I haven't uploaded an excerpt yet
from the chat with delock
but it comes from looks tonight
I am delighted that it comes from those of
new I loved the talk we had
yesterday with him
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
I think I have to share this.
with you
This is what I have put to you to share.
here eh
This seems like a real smoke to me, okay?
evidently with the feet always
evidently with his feet on the ground
not skinny
The volume goes away on its own, no idea.
evidently with his feet firmly on the ground
I don't understand that this is something
very punctual
very punctual about the Daniel issue
Sancho who is as hot as
we are getting very hot
programs that we are trying to give it
everything there in telesalseo also no and now
the icing on the cake to top off the day, that is, yes
We were already, yes, we were already breaking it
In terms of SEO, the icing on the cake is that
that that that suddenly Frank costs
appear on the channel and between okay that
all the media are very
interested always calling you and such No
everything that is Thailand and above all
especially knowing that Frank doesn't have
hairs on the tongue Okay, so they were
like all the media very interested in
know what Fran was saying but I don't
I didn't expect anything at all, not even a [ __ ] bit of it.
joke something like that
I mean, I didn't expect something like that, I understand.
that is something
Geek world a kiss Thank you very much for
I understand that this root is something specific
Ok, but it's celebrated anyway.
that we are talking about that we have had
one day
living in our flesh and knowing
Well it's not the first day
There was another one, there were two more I think. Today you haven't
respected the ranks if I finish him
from hesitating when you crash in the [ __ ] face It's
joke crashes please don't go to me
insult eh I mean don't insult me
It is shocking that Mira is not or would be
top 1 on YouTube that day eh But
Obviously this has him shocked, or rather
is that above Chocas and Greg
and Vegeta's uncle and Vegeta's
Go [ __ ] yourself Teresa, what a gossip
damn you've been smoking
I mean, I understand that this is something specific.
eh No, I'm not here being a freak or
nothing like that I understand that this is
something specific but but damn [ __ ] in the
high up on Chocas and high up on Greg
and look not at the merit they have
that they have it every day
Congratulations Javi Thank you very much Brendy
But hey, hey.
mind-blowing not mind-blowing
crazy crazy crazy I think
that I think the direct
with Fran
It's really crazy, let's see.
to try to see
I'm going to try to see
I am very happy. The truth is I am very
happy another day
I'm exhausted I'm exhausted but I am
very happy
I'm exhausted, I'm not going to lie.
very exhausted but very happy
happy today with Marina we have made a
program also more of Chile we have
been calmer because the truth is
is that already
My Body also had a session today
of photos and I have to do now I have
that I should start assembling a chair that I have
to do a collaboration with a
company that had to deliver a draft
tomorrow or so it should already be here
draft more than edited and you'll see
when I explain to the Editors that
They have to edit that by tomorrow A
where are they going to send me then to hell?
ass where are they going to send me but this
It doesn't make sense, that is, 300,000 visits
yesterday's live broadcast
[ __ ] sense no [ __ ] sense 50,000 in
the same day, that is, realize that I threw
I cut off this live stream that was going for 50,000
because Fran told me to go up then to
change program to change
program
cut and started another 300,000
go go [ __ ] yourself I mean Javi go to
[ __ ] you
Go [ __ ] yourself, don't you?
live performance with Trium tonight
same night I don't know if we had 13 or 14 thousand
spectators and when we finished the
direct after 3 hours It turns out to be
How good it is that I find out that I find out about
that you subscribe to the Trium Channel
First of all, I find out that within
three hours is the press conference of course
I was not aware of the schedule in
Thailand
I say Hey but the press conference when
It would be and such And he tells me it wouldn't be within
34 hours
and I [ __ ] myself and lie down on the [ __ ] couch
after having made this piece of
a program that we made super well done
because there is a job behind this
straight
behind this live and this one in
special of these two that I did with Trium
There is a job that pisses you off but it's that I
I set the alarm and get up at
5 in the morning was not I think I
I got up at five to something and
I get triumphant with these faces with
These faces last almost four hours
direct to cover
to cover
the press conference with the police officer
from Thailand
no sense So absolutely
no sense I can't tell you anything else
stuff
and well the shame that so much This first
direct with triumph like this first
directly with Frank because they have
age restriction and are dead
They stayed here with 100,000 visits but
they stayed there dead
both of them I have
uploaded to see
I have uploaded both of them and
we are talking about
that today there was a lollipop Finally
There will also be a lollipop tomorrow, okay?
We are talking about Javier
Ah, this would be the good one, Triun 14,000.
visits What a shame, man, what a great job
but I say I'm going to upload it again because
I just don't want him to be left dead there.
At least it should be a job.
that the people who enjoy it can enjoy it
may find not forever that
final is content that I think is not
expires I think that's the good thing about this
content is that it does not expire
You know why they are real crimes that
what is the content Does not expire because
It's not like the gossip here
chavarera that Hey, well Dallas and
wismichus have crossed four pullas
Well although the topic of how I chose
the worst example Because he almost never dies
but you understand me, don't you think they are
things that die after two days
Videos die, this is content
that there is enough in three gossip is worth it
made
in fact in fact in fact
the re-upload of the live show with Fran because
I say this as if I were going to get one
age restriction we censor it and
I'll upload it again and I'll upload it again No
who uploaded it twice
I uploaded it where Javi is, I uploaded it here
57,000 visits to the re-upload
I'm a bastard but come on
I'm an incredible bastard
where is the other re-upload
690,000 visits 700 thousand visits this
extract you
700 thousand visits this extract of 20
minutes
Where is the re-upload of the live with
Fran
This is not the reupload for me, this is it
400,000 views of the live re-upload
with Frank what a joint what a joint what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] is this
what the [ __ ]
what a joint you are
There is already the one out there but it is that
then you go to
tiktok and all my social networks in
Instagram and they have the
and easily has one million two
millions of visits to the strata
in the end
In short, it makes no sense what what it is
that we are living these days is worth it
This is how everything will be next week
I'm leaving. Yes, I'm leaving next week.
to take my parents to the beach
three or four days for them to enjoy
children on the beach
The sun comes out, but wherever it comes out is fine.
the sun rises but wherever it rises
leave
Oh Teresa darling, I don't know if you can.
make him ask you know I can't
queen Right now I can't tesa I don't do it
I have an open heart if you can.
ask acne if it doesn't have us if it hasn't had us
abandoned to acne and you can ask for it
let's see
Wait a second for Delox to come in. Hey.
We're going to have another chat with Delox.
You like it
You like the plan
I really enjoyed the chat with him
I haven't uploaded the extracts there yet.
because it is that I have not been able to go
I was telling Marina today to cry, uncle.
I'm at a point of stress in the
job
I'm working right now and there are times when
I feel like crying Javi Thanks for
I've been following you for 24 hours now.
from cow and with Crohn's flare thanks
what the [ __ ] is that what the [ __ ] is that
That's it
knock on wood knock on wood it suits me
very well, knock on wood, that sense too
I'm doing very well. Look at you and having
stress and having stress
There is delox here it is here is delox
a second churra that I put myself like
yesterday on the screen so that people
we enjoyed
Hey, come in, Mister, how are you? I'll tell you something.
without any flattery, which I don't like
never eat each other's [ __ ]
I loved yesterday's talk I liked it
I can't [ __ ] believe you have it
he
But how come you have the chip?
same as me
I put it on you I put it on for you
that the other day I was with the Group Tengo
several figures I have several figures of
Disney I put this to you but there is very
few eh, I mean I don't know if I have the card
I have, I don't know if I have the card for
there but of course you know that I came to you with
he has I have the number 800 where
800 800 of 3000
Yes in fact I have an even more exclusive one
look
Well, I have the 1914.
and I have this other one
I have this other one too
but that is not the same, not the same
The range is the same but there are more of these
only 999 in the world and I have the 237 because
Well, man, I'm more surprised because it's
very difficult eh it is very difficult they are very
few 3000 are very few 3,000 are very
few less loved me even less than
1000 and the little mermaid is from that range.
Little Mermaid, yes, it's just that you don't see me, no
You see my camera but I'm seeing you now
I'm watching you now there's a certain delay
But I'm seeing you now, so nothing.
Man, that's what we loved yesterday.
having you here uncle I tell you
I honestly don't tell you, let's see, I'm
I was pleasantly surprised because I have
a style that is quite peculiar and
sometimes it generates a little bit of that, no
of rejection and the truth is that I felt
super welcomed like another family
and I tell you, I mean, I have been for a long time
years not a member of the youth which
Normally that does not mean that everyone
world has to get along with each other
and I liked it, I liked it in the end it's a
content that I follow and knew I was going to
be cool and brilliant and [ __ ]
that they put on you Yes well let's see too
some hater has come as usual
some of these crazy npc But oh well And to
The ending is like that of Javier Cangrejo, who
we're going to do it otherwise super
all positive but I saw one that said
I want people to fill with
crabs the chat today all the time uncle
You have to get a crab tattoo on you.
The Little Mermaid one was there
one one who said one who said no
you have to make a section here with
delux and I said let's see what's wrong either. I mean yes
I come a lot, in the end you're going to get bored
I already know that I always lend myself
Is there anything I can contribute?
I'll come here without any problem, okay? But let's go.
without being heavy, which is not a good idea either.
monopolize the content Yes yes we must
you have to be a little hard to get, you have to
like that word [ __ ]
filter no
How angry it is to be left blank
Uncle, the drip has to be given in doses
little by little is worth it. So, okay, once in a while.
from time to time, why is it in your house?
You come every time you feel like it
without telling me anything, without telling me anything is worth it
without telling me absolutely when it is
Improvised is the best, I tell you.
yesterday super comfortable And I'm glad that the
feedback has been so positive and also
Now I think we're going to leave by force.
to have to cross because of course he thinks
that now after this I go down to
Barcelona to find Nemo
So it's an honest Yes Yes Good
I will sleep for 34 hours and then I will go and I will go to
look for
It's that man, I've gone crazy but I mean, I'm going
I was telling him from stress ass
I'm with these people in a few days
stress at work to the level that you
I swear there are times when I feel like
cry suddenly from stress Only
I am that when you are on vacation and
You got in the car to record, I say this.
uncle is crazy but that madness is what
I like it, man, that's what I think
which is the key to success that you have more
beyond charisma and a thousand other things But
I think that being like a [ __ ]
shower I'm also like a [ __ ]
watering can, that is to say, today for example I
I got up super early after
having gone to sleep super late
I have started to continue preparing the
interview of Well now I can say it
virus
I was going to tell you to lift a little
Damn, but it's public, it's public because
There's already a photo and everything on Instagram, yes.
yes yes yes because we are going to go strong or rather
virus has also let me put the
thumbnail the title whatever comes out of me
the noses is madness or rather it is going to be
insane Okay now now now me
you say a little but
first of all
tell me
how have you spent it with him because I think
which aggravates 4 hours no more or less as
no no no no no so many we haven't started
Well, we started late.
started late because he had to do
a few things I've arrived late we've
engraving Say that two hours is worth it
It is true that it is the interview that most
I have sweated, literally, it is not noticeable
because the cameras are very good and
We play very well with the filters
color and everything but virus has complained A
the best during the podcast three times
Because he also had OCD because he was
the bangs fell and it is very very insecure
with the bangs and we were there already
joking and the truth is that it has been hard
because and this can be said by Dallas or
can say require any of the
that they have come here is a room
which is smaller than it looks
Because here where I am now is where
the podcast is recorded
There goes there goes the guest okay There goes the
guest where I am which is a table
The corner is where Stanics is placed.
with the computer to control the
cameras and everything here where Stitch is
It is where we have both
cameras focusing then this
This little table here is where the
lights for the guests and for me and
then there I sit on that side and there
The shelf comes out back there, the
My little ass is on that chair you have
back there indeed
It smells a little bit, we can see it, you can take it
you can bring it a little closer so that
to make it as close as we can
be from wherever, that is, from the ass of Dallas
and the ass itself, that is, there it has been
Dallas's ass and the million dollar ass and the
Ricky's ass Not mine the million dollar one
We recorded at his house, he was there.
Salomundo's ass Ricky's ass
Agustn from Dallas and the and good and the
of viruses now and that of Stick too and
The guy has already passed many times
asses over here eh we've already had a good one
batch is that it is the ninth episode
It seems not but we have already been there for a while
time
Hey, you know what I'm going to say?
I don't know if I've ever said it
It's strong, it just occurred to me
with this thing about asses and so many asses
in the same armchair
tell me tell me once
I'm good No once no wait you would have
been also already going service that is more
at once
I shared a bed with them, Juan
at the same time Ah well there are things that
There are things that are very curious because
youtuber events And that actually exists
an anecdote that counted for a million in the
podcast that he slept with Karts the
Life is full of twists and turns, what a day!
you are sleeping someday you are
sleeping with someone and then they don't give you
the hand is extraordinary. Well, I
more than turning it around in that one day
one day I'm sleeping with someone and the next day I'm not
If I give you my hand, I would turn it around
One day you're sleeping with a girl and the next
day you are sleeping with her boyfriend no
because in times with you the million
He admitted that he had a fling with Aby O
whether they can exist
possibility that in that roll they have
existed night that Hey suddenly you
They catch you out of the house now and you're not going to
take an Uber I'm not going to say anything
I'm not going to say anything but I think so
you have a roll in your twenties
[ __ ] safe in plan I think it should not be to
The best thing is that I'm not Sherlock Holmes.
but
They ate your mouth and you left it in the
portal Yes but I think that at the time
current is not like that and I believe that there is
there has been a topic, I'm good the same
Since I know things, I'm not going to give details.
But well, everyone will know what they have
made in his private life that for something
It is private but it is clear that yes
So you are discreet like me, eh?
I don't know things, I don't say anything, each one
will know what you do in your private life
But well, I know things. I think they have
[ __ ] and everyone does what they want
want and no people no but I tell you one
thing eh I can tell you I think something and
knowing something else in this case may be
the opinions are fairly aligned
with reality But
I also like that Flow of
tell me little things that go to hell I am
A Maruja at the end of the day burns me
I already know how to say things.
yesterday I had to restrain myself because I was
I could fall for this, I couldn't
the interview can fall at any time
if virus changed his mind because I
that I know for whatever reason now
It's recorded, we already have it and I can
tell you
a couple of hits but that's not known anymore
delete that by the way Juan went because
we had a mutual friend, a good friend
I send you a huge kiss Juanma
when I went to Barcelona the times that
I went and such I stayed at home
juanma you are a DJ at a nightclub
bad parties in bad defects are
the discotheque called and I was there of course
there are all the youtubers there and
civilian eh it's like civilian I was nobody
I was starting to have a channel and I was starting to
have some YouTuber friends and
Juanma was one of them and it turns out that
Juanma was a very good friend of Juan and I.
Juan when he was going At that time he was the
m of show and when I went to his house he
I stayed in that same bed that I had
we have never met in person
we have never met in person and
Giovanni and I, but yes, we have, yes, that
We have slept in the same bed although not
at the same time Hey Tell me
sensations sensations because I imagine
that I said it before recording the
episode Only when the question arose
possibility I carry with virus
trying to record from the beginning It's
say the first names in whom
I thought along with Salomundo and Willy
etc. one of those names was widowhood
because I had a relationship with him and I said
[ __ ] the timing that from time to time I'm going to
remove the content I think is a profile
relevant but also going to be
even more relevant because the
I also want to bring someone to the evening
that he does sport that can give then
talk about other topics etc. although
evidently we have not been able to Perhaps
to delve into everything that would have
liked the sport but it has been 90%
controversy then You are going to have content
85 90 is a Non Stop That is to say in fact
It's that I'm not going to do it to you, or rather, I can do it myself.
I can spoil you as much as you want.
Although I will try to reserve things
but I can tell you that it begins, it begins
very strong, that is to say, there is no very strong, no
you have been controlling me when I when
When I do an interview I try to be
My car went like a crepe 180
I was without a steering wheel and the steering wheel is fine.
I was doing pirouettes. Of course, but this
I was with Rayo, for example,
I do to accommodate it I'm leaving
I accommodate it and take it where I want and
ping no but it hasn't been it hasn't been
It was for me that he came, he came
accelerated I mean I told him I told him
said Look, I mean I had one prepared
Joke I admit it you will see what it is
[ __ ] funny at least there it has me
I'm not going to make you laugh so much
spoil but start I know that people
when tomorrow Well tomorrow in two three
days I suppose it will be uploaded on the 19th
or so Maybe in two or three days
We already have at the moment in which the
people are watching after the teaser goes
In the first minute or two minutes people go
to say nothing, nothing, I'm going for some [ __ ]
popcorn or so it's going to be Boom or so it is
We're already starting strong and yes, I can
spoil one thing but I'm not going to give it to you
the answer is valid
I made that little Sunday afternoon noodle
an exception is the first interview
in which I have not asked the question of
courtesy but I have prepared one for you
special courtesy question
I proceed to read the question to see
I have read it too because it is me
how I improvise everything and this was the only thing
that I had prepared, I have read it and
taken out and the mobile and I have read it yes
I asked if you could face off in
an unprotected ring against three
youtubers you would fight against
say you have to go one by one there
three rounds and you can fight him one
round with each one
and he gave me some names that I believe
that are going to give a lot to talk about
if you could fight in a ring I mean me
you talk about without Norma
with a fist without protection without anything everything is
Okay
to kill and has given you three names
that they are going to give name to speak yes yes yes
has wet without any doubt he has
had it very clear
Hosts are very famous, the three names
or they are very famous, all three are the three
I know the three Yes you know
perfectly who are the three of us?
you will know it very clearly, very clearly
but I talk to those three
Well, I don't know, I don't know who you're talking to or
you stop talking but
but there are names there I think You know what I think
that no one is able to guess the three
I mean
I know who they are obviously because
I talk about them and they are not good.
figures are public figures that everyone
The world knows all three and more in this
community but
No one will guess that there are three
Well, we'll know on Sunday, of course.
Host but of course Javier punijo Javier
oliveira and telesalseo no no Javi you
Can you imagine what Javier Crab says? You know.
face down, damn it, but no, I mean, there are three
so famous that no one is going to say
who is no no no
I think I automatically do that to him.
ask
which I don't do in one go because
I want to ask him the question and he asks me
cut it out and start talking about gossip or
it's like it comes
shot and when I ask him the question
I think that's the moment, that is to say it is
that the first five minutes of the
podcast I think people are going to go with
a Splice From the 3rd to the 4th host That is
I was personally watching it and I say
I was saying this is viral I mean
I was saying this is viral these
viral
bastard to me a lot
I can ask you a question. Tell me yes, tell me.
clear
those three famous people
Don't give a single clue, no way that I can
to give an understanding of who they are is fine but
They are only physically at the same level
plan has or would there be a possibility of
Maybe imagine me, I think that
all three would die, that is, in a plan not in
plan is not is not ice cream
They are nothing, no, they have not fought, let's say no
have fought at a level or if they have fought
at some point they are not at the level of
I can't think of anyone who has it.
made to clear virus I don't know much about it
ferrets the truth is not that there is the
the bastard puts the candy in your pocket
the mouth but it doesn't give you many
explanations Of course because they will be people
that he doesn't like them because if not because
they have done something to him in particular no
no no no no
for personal reasons but he doesn't tell me
What exactly are they but he doesn't tell me
I ask him, obviously I'm not stupid
I tell him and this because you said this
because everyone will be
asking this I can still understand it
I can still understand this other one, there are two
that can be understood But there is a
third that I myself have stayed
As
[ __ ] man, and I asked him about that no
I told him and what is that? And he tells me
There is Lore
I don't know of any controversy, let's see.
On my By virus channel it has been talked about
now for this
And why else, it doesn't sound familiar to me?
I don't hear any controversy
and they ask via chat if anyone could
against him no no I tell you I think that
viruses even I think viruses against the
three together wins or so
but what virus is an animal but has
an arm that is huge and also you
say
I think you're going to like it a lot, let's see.
I can imagine it, I've seen it, I've seen it
seen 100% 100% transparent think that
I say it on the podcast, if I'm not mistaken.
I remember when I started I had already
asked quite a few questions similar to
the ones I throw at him on the podcast he doesn't
They know what order they are going to come, they don't know if
There are your questions, you have no idea, okay?
say he knows that I'm going to ask him
Because of the controversy, he knows how far I will go.
to squeeze because I get everything out of it
that it is not illegal to say it because there is
topics that are let's say that go for another
side that cannot be commented on
evidently because third parties are already entering
or these shady things that are not known
You can comment but everything that you don't like
generate a conflict to say that it is
generate gossip whatever is generated in
Twitter that this is a bit secondary has
talked about everything without mincing words
We weren't planning on going to dinner because he
He told me I'm really going through it
It is bad to say even if you see that there is
moments of laughter and feels very comfortable
because in the end the one who is [ __ ] around is my colleague and
There's a super good vibe despite that.
He initially told me that it was good that
we recorded and he went home and that he didn't
We were going to go to dinner or anything because of
Normally I go to eat or have dinner with them
invited later or before and then we have
gone to dinner In fact I came back late because
That's because we went to dinner
calmly There everyone and well well
because I think a weight has been lifted
From above he has been very pleased, I think.
that was missing This podcast I think
It's going to go very, very well and I think everything
the world with all the trials and everything
which is going to be commented on because in fact it is
one of the few podcasts I go to
put some test some image in A
the best two three specific things in
edition More than anything because I think it is
interesting that there are things that are
You understand better if you see the photos, okay?
for example the physical condition he had
He when he played handball which is
exactly the same as I had in the
evening 2 that is to say this kind of things that
people suddenly don't know, don't remember
Well, it is important that they can be seen
then I understand where it's going. It's going to
throw a little for the same thing that he said
another day no of no it's that look it's that I
the physical but let's see I know that let's see if
Finally, if you have made a tea, turn it over.
I don't know why and how to justify it until
what point he explains he explains with everything
I can also tell you a wealth of details
In fact, we are going to put the photo of the
recipe that the person who told him Mira
If you want to do this, think about this.
I have everything he initially wanted
I should have punctured with the
quantities and names of everything
and that photo and that photo we are going to
post
I already have it on my phone and I don't give it to you.
I'm going to spoil it, but just so that
you see what they initially propose and
then what he ends up taking is
explains in absolute detail says
exact amounts says if it is
he would prick it if another person pricks it
person who knew it who didn't know it
how he felt What effects did it have on him?
stopped doing it explains when it stops
to take exactly how many times it is taken
has taken it and explains everything in great detail
of details
my mother
More than anything because what I asked for is
man be completely honest and I repeat
I know the story, I mean I know the whole story.
story behind why I talked about it
with him before doing the podcast and has
been very honest in fact there were things
that I thought he was going to tell me and
He said forward, we have already come, let's go
do it right then I think that's it
You're going to notice, I think that's going to be noticeable.
that people are going to perceive a
total honesty, my word then
You may like it more, there may be someone who
Believe me more or less I can tell you if I know
that a guest has lied to me more or
at least I think he has been
completely honest has been
politically correct on some issues
that concern third parties. For example, me
I asked him what people had
disappointed and no and he told me that
He has been disappointed by quite a few people
but he didn't want to give me names because
In the end, what he has come to talk about is
of himself I have even asked him
things like if I thought x person was
natural or not and has not wanted to enter into
controversies in fact I tell you that there is a
There is a person who is quite
recognized in the fitness sector that is
the one who trains with Joan Pradays who
call Anthony fitness okay I don't know who
but well, and he is a boy who if the
people follow the world a little bit Define
You will know who Anthony is, he is a boy
super young who has a physique
extraordinary this boy is going to come
I also have the podcast confirmed and
I also think it's going to give quite a bit of
speak because it is a profile that today
Today Well, there are many people who
He says he's taking something, he says it's
natural John Paradise insists he is
natural in fact I ask Jordi for
that insists that it is natural I want I believe
that this podcast is also going to be
interesting and then also
I can confirm Because today I already did
We have finished closing. I don't know the dates.
but I can give you a name of another
guest who is coming to the podcast
Andrea Garte
Let's see, I was going to ask you where it is
She sat down because she wanted to know if she
has she gone or not No she hasn't come no no
no no no he hasn't gone no because he has been ha
been in my apartment and we were virus stanic
and I have had the impression
These days there was a bad vibe
among them
There's no bad vibes or anything, in fact.
It is not publicly known what relationship
has, they do not stop having, that is something
curious because it's like this
I was talking to them today and I said [ __ ]
suddenly they have announced a breakup
when it has never been announced that you are
boyfriends it's not like Random never
has never announced to us that they are a couple
For the moment they are friends
as a boyfriend as such In no way
photo dedication comment never
They have never said that they are boyfriend and girlfriend. So
as far as I can say publicly
They are very good friends and that
fact in the podcast there is a lot of talk about
Well, not enough is said. Sorry.
He speaks three or four times about Andrea Rollos
refers to it being placed in the circle
close then because people can
misinterpret or misinterpret or take out their
conclusions in no case does it say whether
is your partner or not but I can tell you
ensure that your relationship continues
being just as good as it was before
So not about being boyfriends, I don't know.
They haven't broken anything in case you
were not maybe a breakup but
the best good maybe a couple of
days and then it comes back no no no and in fact
and in fact those comments that I saw your
video eh dude I'll see them there I am
not from her
and I told him about it. Look, in fact, yesterday you didn't
I said nothing because obviously until
You don't know, I preferred to have everything well tied up
Because if I told you yesterday yes I have spoken
with Andrea in person you know
They would know who the guest is then
I didn't want to I didn't want to I didn't want to you
I meant but
I Andrea told Andrea and these
comments and these tweets And this and
see that the tweets one came because He had
a problem I don't know if it was a Ah yes it has
the same disease as you already have me
I know that's why Ah well it has the
Crohn's disease is not what it is called yes
had a pain if he had a pain
related to that and that's why he put the
that tweet of Oh what a shitty day I don't know
what a very big pain and then the
next tweet is that it was that one
solution does not stay one does not have
couple so that he doesn't leave you or something like that
He put that because of Ral's controversy.
Alexander
Well, yes, she does and then I'll tell you too.
which is now rising some other
tiktok because today one has uploaded that I
has shown that he is looking to play
with that, it is evident that she is not stupid
The girl is super smart, she is a
super eloquent aunt that's why she has
invited to the podcast because I think it is
a super powerful profile that has a lot
what to tell and
Honestly, I don't usually meet with
many people who, when meeting them, say
Wow it's going to give play not because sometimes the
people are a little shy but it has already
said quickly he said I am encouraged
I'm in one but I'm having a great time, I don't know what it is
I think it's going Yes yes yes she has been the one who
He proposed me because I told him to see
it is sympathy
super super nice super nice
super horny or rather very good vibes
very because they sent me a video of her
singing a song of illness
from Chrome telling that he had Chrome
and what a [ __ ] mistress and I took her Yes what
It happens that later I don't remember, I don't know.
a lot of things that I don't remember
that they didn't do much to me, I don't remember
I don't remember what the truth was.
what was the truth But the
I followed a video and also made me
It sounds like I shared the video on my
Twitter that I took they sent it to me and
I went up and said go [ __ ] mother and I
He said people are not very hard-working
I know what the controversy will have had is a
entrepreneur that there I know things that
Dallas does not know about the business that
has and the only thing I can say is why
It is obviously information that I do not
let me share it anyway I'll
ask on the podcast obviously
If not, I'm not going to see if I can do it for you.
are to take out what I can say is that
I think Dallas made a mistake there. Yes, I do.
I think that in Dallas there he committed an act
error I understand that from the
ignorance there are things that I do not believe
that it was Dallas with bad intentions
I think they are just things that are not known
They know and there is no way to know them because
if you are not her or someone in her circle
You don't know them But you were wrong
He made mistakes with things in his business and without
Going far away there for example does not do
dropshipping which is something that
them in and dropshipping it
I defend, that is, it doesn't bother me, it's a
business that I see as legitimate something else
Look for me in dropshipping And I that
I am a person who has studied
business administration and management and
Within these subjects I have had
marketing for me dropshipping what is it
take marketing to the next level
level and I agree that you
you can buy cheap and sell more expensive
if you can add value to the
purchasing user experience
even give it the best because some
guarantees that are not normally offered
etc. But the only thing he does is
dropshipping that initially does not base it
I don't have any experience with dropshipping.
inventory she not only has
inventory but is making a
new warehouse is remodeling it
is expanding then to say that it does
dropshipping that a person who buys
wholesale an item and resell it
having a warehouse with a few more shipments
fast a staff that when it is
public
It's not dropshipping if you want to see it.
in this way that it is either
professionalized the people who do it
dropshipping that wants to reach you
next level what it does is take and
have your own warehouse why because
They no longer send it to you from China and you
It takes two weeks, otherwise I'll send it to you.
in 24 or 48 hours peninsula I don't know where
etc. No
Yes, it is true that he buys these things
because they are the ones I tell you one thing
No, I can't say where you buy it, but
It's a bit irrelevant because we're going to
put ourselves in the worst case scenario.
who buys it in I don't know in China or
They buy it, I don't care where you think it's from.
that comes most of the products that
There are in the United States or in Europe
China, I who am dedicated to
macroeconomics literally the great part
of all products come from China
That's why there is a problem today with
China, let's say, is separating from itself
It is giving a deglobalization then
That's why there are problems
economic then say that
Someone buys cheap and sells expensive is
that what someone is not going to do is
buy high and sell low, that is, no one
wants to lose money something else is the
the topic of I don't know what vegan I don't know what I
there I don't know okay But still the topic of
the materials were the other the other
problem that she sells it like everything
material that does not include any leather
real I don't know and it seems that some
What other little thing could have real leather?
But I didn't ask him that much.
because I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not
I saw the I didn't see the Dallas video until the
end because it was joined with everything that
I was preparing yes I saw the intro
not where it said he has not done dropshipping
I don't know what. When I saw her I said, "I'm afraid."
dropshipping I don't know what he told me No no
look and showed me even the warehouses and
Then we will talk about everything sincerely.
when the podcast brings it because I
It seems brutal to meet women
entrepreneurs because it is usually related
entrepreneurship with men and I think that
find entrepreneurial women who
They are on TikTok and they don't just do dances.
but also try to provide a
extra value all this because it is
interesting and then also
What I think is that there is a There is a
problem and it is and I say it sincerely
I think Dallas does a very good job
research tends to make a
very good work but it is not always going to
Being perfect then seems like a mistake to me
sometimes people because something has happened
said or whatever it is, it's like it's going to
mass and I say guys have a little too
own judgment is worth it in the end
you can question it not the fact that
that you say Well, [ __ ] it is that
It's worth 10 euros here and you're selling it.
for 40 Okay, now. And if I want it, 20 for 50
And he wants to sell it for 100 because
the question also that I don't know I don't know
I know I don't know but it would be interesting
ask and investigate it because it is not
I don't know if Dallas does that
research but it would be the fact that
when you want to buy the best in
sites like this that are cheaper
They usually have the condition that you buy
wholesale while on the other side
They are letting you buy one by one, right?
So in the end it is that I am common myself
If today I want to buy something, for example
100 cell phone cases are going to be great for me.
to leave it cheaper than if I want it
buy one which is what is called the
unity but that's it, in the end no no
nothing happens I tell you in the end it is a
a topic of which I know a part would affect me
investigate more I prefer not to not talk about
things that I'm not like super super mega
hyper documented and that's it
version of what she told me From my
experience knowing what it is
dropshipping i know is no longer doing
a dropshipping so people
consider dropshipping as such more than
nothing and I think that's where the mistake lies
is that they can be putting it at the same time
level than these airpods that
promoted thegrefg Shooter and all this
people you know and [ __ ] there That does seem to me
bad because you are taking a product
and you're selling it like it's the
original Then
The only problem is that it is not but it is that
That doesn't seem bad to me, it's just that it is a
crime I can't say that I'm selling you a
iPhone that is not an iPhone of course
I can't do that The only problem
because then the other thing is criticizable. That is
I remember how they put a counter
run buy it now it's going to run out
page they told you that they were free
but they charged you the 10 euros expense
I send and it really is for me the
problem with Greg's issue was
that advertised it as AirPods
real no and I repeat I see them in the chat
I see people in the chat saying the point
is to lie with the characteristics of the
product if that is true which I don't know
I totally agree with you
I think you have to be honest with the
product features and if it is
lie there is that is it I think that
It is also illegal in things as they are
So without further ado, the only thing I believe
because you know what will happen, you think that
It could be illegal yes No man if I you
I say that I am, imagine, I am going to tell you
to make punishable punishable
Man, if they sanction you, it's because you have
committed a crime yes
I'm going to tell you the problem is that when
It is said that something is illegal or that it is about to be
For example, I can jump a traffic light.
In red I'm not going to jail but it is
illegal and I have a penalty yes then
where I want to get to is first
place when talking about what something is
Illegal something does not mean jail time
For example, I don't know if both people
that I mentioned yesterday had done something that
I consider it to be illegal so I
I have taken legal action against them
but they are not going to jail because I have
gone through civil law there is no penalty or anything
Only a financial penalty, I think not.
I think they would not be considered
crimes would be violations or violations to you
right, I can't reach there, I mean, I can't reach there
I take refuge in what I have within me
everyday language I call something
illegal is something that is not allowed
Therefore, there are sanctions if there are
some exception there in the terms
I don't get involved in that, I don't have any
take what I said with a grain of salt
then and then what I tell you that
I think there is a problem, I always do everything
From the outside, I don't care
what one says, what another says, it doesn't matter to me
I'm a Maruja to myself
I love gossip, I love watching
ideas and contrast opinions and everything
always from a critical point that I
can develop over time attempt
also because it is a mistake that I made
years ago and I think it is done a lot
people today who is prejudging
to have a pre-established opinion
about something about someone or about what
I don't have it then
Simply I listen that's why I
I am willing to talk to anyone
person on my podcast because even though I
I may have a certain opinion. I myself, yes, for
example tomorrow coscu would come you know
I have an opinion on this, I think.
that what he has done is not right and under
My humble opinion is that if what
there is and I have seen it and I have analyzed it and
I don't know what's true, that's a crime
In my opinion, it's okay. I'm not entering.
in legal details but I don't have any
[ __ ] idea and until there is one
sentence what we talked about No no nothing
But well, that doesn't mean yes, yes.
came in this case in this case it is
different for example than yesterday in
First of all, because they are not, they are not
pointing at me with the with the with the average
all the time but secondly
Man, on the subject of coscu, I think that
I don't put labels on it because I prefer
be more cautious and don't label it
Well, in each country it also works
different law has a name enters into
a code enter another Then I don't
I put a label but it is true that
I have consulted it with a lot
professionals with many lawyers
so as not to make a mistake and what not
Tell me, hey, this is just not
No, it's not a topic, it's a topic, let's see, me, me.
I think that there I think that you do a job
I think you do a very good job.
Since I don't do that job, I prefer to be
prudent before [ __ ] myself But I
I think it is true that there you have it
You do very well because as you have
certain lawyers with whom you contrast
what you say When I see that you say
something or when Dallas says it as to
associate someone or something like that I'm there
I say wow let's see what happened here
because normally you are very people
prudent and when you give or give let's say
some statements that categorize
clearly something I say Wow let's see what A
see what has happened is that I do not put it
label But if I would almost put the
hand in the fire but of course the hand the
fire you can never know but what a bogeyman
I wouldn't sue Dallas because if
Any lawyer would tell you if you sue
this
is that the problem of coscu I tell you
I say sincerely, coscu is not going to me
sue Dallas for why Why Costco
today has a situation within
of the controversy and within everything very very
favorable And it is that beyond having
There is no public opinion against him
a victim or alleged victim who
want to sue him
the girl has not yet appeared there is still
have put a reward on them
I don't know if he literally offered a
I don't remember what reward as such.
were the words I hinted at but
whatever the mere fact of insinuating it
I understand that it would make someone
I could write to you, nothing is known, no, I
at least no, I don't think it is known
identity but of course I understand
so
wants to know nothing about the subject because
end
any pronouncement Although it
try anonymously or simply
to know or talk to anyone with
any with any youtuber or whatever
that it is I think that in the end it would end
exposing himself and I imagine it will be a thing
of his life that I want to forget that in
your moment maybe you didn't see it
gravity that it had
and it is one thing that I want to forget is
an episode I think that's it Not her
There will be a difficult episode in his life.
from his past no I imagine that no
It will be something I am proud of or
much less will it be a possible trauma and
He simply said I already have it
overcome because a lot of time has passed
since then and I've been [ __ ] myself
to reopen this and go out to the public and
then she will surely be inhibited or
will be afraid of the retaliation that will occur
can take because we remember that he lives
in Argentina no
Argentina is not With all due respect
towards the Argentinians but I have a lot
audience there but it is not so safe
perhaps as it can be Spain Although now
things are getting very murky or
How can it be Andorra or how can it be
any other country then perhaps a
person who says I want to be
Don't worry, don't bother me and that's it.
It is because everyone knows that in
This type of controversy Beyond that
Tomorrow there will be a winner.
loser whatever the mere fact of
being in a controversy even though it's you
innocent or being you the victim
it wears you down a lot
Look for example at what happened to
Dallas Dallas has worn down a level
that I told him when I had it
I'm surprised you're still alive.
and what I say is very hard but it is that I
It is surprising and for me it is admirable to see
how a person has had the strength
mental capacity to endure everything that comes his way
They have said and that is why Dallas I believe that
today he goes with the hatchet because
It has been clear that he has had to endure
So much that he says no no now I'm going to
to do justice I will give blows of
reality and I think it's a person
necessary in the community Although there is
many people who try to silence it
For me he is a person who is super
super necessary because it's like if not
There would be a role for you If there were no role for you
paper in the first place someone would have
that replacing it I think is a role
necessary And secondly there would be
much more [ __ ] that would not be known
never people who might act badly
with impunity The good thing is that he is not the
final neither judge nor executioner but yes you
gives a good dose of reality
So I like the content is born
Sometimes I don't agree on things that
He says, but if you don't believe it's obvious why
For example, you say that you would sit there
Coco okay Yes for example I tell you there
settled in his mouth agent who has been
condemned for a lot of things this
I comment on what you just said
I also sometimes say with my friends
is that I would put here here
I would interview someone. Of course there is
murdered someone, let's see, I don't
I would collaborate with him in a let's go plan
friend would not be his friend obviously
but I think it should be a conversation
extraordinarily interesting he
because you killed someone because you did
this crime Why did you steal from this this
bank not the interview you have with the
Spain's biggest bank robber is
super interesting and I don't defend or
I respect that but he is a person who is already
has passed the entire sentence that already
It's clean that now it's telling you
all the adventures that are there and
In the end, I think that sometimes reality
surpasses fiction So I am a
big podcast lover a great
lover of that morbidity of knowing things and
I think that just as there is a
figure like Dallas who is beaten to death
There really must be a podcast in
that people can talk about issues
uncomfortable and be comfortable
He tells you yes but that this topic is not
Well then I tell him to stay.
at home training for the evening
clear man it pisses you off obviously
It's obviously as if Nimu comes and
half of the topics would not be the goal
here
because obviously I see, I believe
that I think maybe to see
we will agree that returning in the
long ago you can't, that is, if you have
done something x years ago
you can't go back and delete it
no matter how much you punish yourself But if
at least he would have had the attitude
to say Hey I made a mistake has no
I mean, I know I had normalized it
I didn't see the gravity
I surrounded myself with an environment in which this
Well, it's not that you get used to it, but it's not
Let it be something that scandalizes you but
What do you know because I remember the [ __ ] up?
from a scene for example in torrent or
times have evolved and the
from the sofa the sofa that the torrent in
a movie
does something that is a V yes it does a V
a movie that if I remember correctly was
also the partner of his friend who
the couple had in that apartment, that is, the
super super drunk the partner of a
character falls asleep and torrent
take it and make a v and it looks like a
joke that is the worst you know what it is
worse
I laughed at that scene, that's why
I always remember a long time ago and I don't
It is important to say that at that time it was a
humor that was established that the
people didn't see it as bad then
Times change and how good that they do
Well that's it.
in the environment where he was raised or
we don't know where it comes from, we don't know if
It's probably in a very small town
small maybe more closed Hey then
Look at this, what I did is horrible. Hey.
This has no justification but of course
I see that he has extended it more, I'm not telling you.
nor should it be forgotten that it is left behind
but at least do it for
compensate him in some way that he tries
I look, I think, I think that as they say
Here also torrents a parody by
You can laugh at that kind of thing.
because it is a black humor but in a
context in which you know
Okay, if not, I would obviously never laugh.
of that obviously
Today I don't think I would laugh. But
because the social context itself is
as if you have been forced to not be able to
laugh at certain things
it cuts your roll you know to me torrent me
It was funny, but because I came in
understanding that it was a parody
exaggerated for example the mere fact
that for example in the middle of
There was a movie I think it's one of the
the last ones that people are asking for
go to jail because there is so much
poverty who want at least to have a
place to sleep and eat you know me
I laughed at that and said [ __ ] no what and then
We are experiencing a brutal crisis in Spain and it is
like parodying, making a satire
extreme of society Then I believe
that humor is what I want to talk about
tomorrow to see if I can bring
David Surez I would love to talk about the
humor because and David Surez Explains It
Humor allows us to touch very well
topics that we otherwise could not
playing is worth that first and then
what I did is you not as to the point
you can forgive or you can talk
of those topics or can change someone
What I believe is that the
past past
okay, that is to say if I have done something
that thing is wrong, it is done wrong
Now it means that you can't
mature if you really can't mature
you can't change, you can't rectify
can't redeem you, what a piece of [ __ ]
society you know, that is to say obviously
that can redeem you, there are things that
maybe they are so hardcore that you
It takes four lives to redeem you
Just like no one obviously comes in
the typical me who knows the typical crazy person who
enters the United States at a school and
half of the children are killed. Well, it's
what just happened in Thailand
just happened in Thailand or whatever
It just happened in Thailand, I see it.
very very difficult for someone to be able to
redeem Okay and in that case well then
appropriate sanctions will have to be taken
corresponding to those facts No what
I mean by this how good it is
nuanced for me for example that has
coscu fact is in a line in which
maybe I think it is very difficult
redeem oneself
there are other episodes that
better not be so but
There is the caprimin thing, I don't know if it tastes like it
what do I mean no yes yes I know I know
I know there are several episodes that make you
to think that this boy, at least
may be a repeat offender may not be
It could be, I'm not going to dare to go that far.
but maybe he has a way
to think that it has normalized a
attitude you know or that has like Look at me
I liked what you said, I think it is
the term you were looking for that has
normalized attitudes that are not good
It's okay because there are attitudes that don't reach
to be a V but damn they are in a
line may be an obvious one but what
It happens that I would like you to kiss me
could respond to that kind of
issues without me judging you I tell you in
Seriously, I would make Coscu be there
comfortable talking about this topic so
uncomfortable and I want to invite him he has
said that Jordi would be accepted but
Jordi because Jordi will give him one
brutal and Jordi Wilde-like exposition
get things dressed up a bit
knowing that he is very politically
correct because it will possibly go to you
help because he thinks it will whiten him
I would not whitewash the image.
Coscu would not whitewash the image of
Nobody but I would give him the opportunity
so that he whitewashes it himself if
is capable of doing it In other words
I would give him the means but I would not
would guarantee the result why Because
It's not up to me. For example, I
I can tell you that people who see
The virus podcast is coming soon.
leave if they had a very bad opinion of
He will come out of there saying he is not there
It's been so bad, you idiot, but it hasn't been
been a cheater he has not done it with malice
intention they will come out with that idea
you would have that headline
He hasn't been a cheater to that level.
I don't think he cheated, no.
I think I cheated, I'm telling you.
seriously with my hand on my heart I think
that this has not been attempted in any case
cheat but get punctured
It's literally cheating, not that
He didn't have that, that's why I don't want to.
I want to give you many exclusives of what
It is said No but he explains how when
it punctures when it stops doing so and
literal This I tell you, don't see that
It comes to mind, I say it furthermore, it is that
They say it in their video but they say it like the
ass in fact I have given him a hard time
podcast of the video you made of it
I feel like it's a [ __ ], it's a video of
apologies from the first bad youtuber
It also gives details about whether there was a script
about how many times he recorded all that
He also explains and it looks bad there, yes
that was fatal no
Well, not that, let everyone judge it.
For me it looks good as long as it is honest
It's that you know what happens is that's what
I was telling you, you know what it means for me to look bad
being asked about something that is yours
and only yours as that can be
video and you don't want to get wet for
to look more or less good or for me to lie
I have always told the truth Imagine that
Goku goes over there and asks if I speak.
of the subject and now you sit there and with
all his balls Well, he says what he wears
saying Well I think it takes six or
seven months
but but you know what happens that the day that
I would speak to you when I am sitting here
If when you are sitting here you tell me that
sentence is not emitted, that is to say, I
I would squeeze just enough so that I wouldn't
do that kind of mockery in my face for
For example, I am investigating myself and
documenting 1000% of what is happening
doing or what nimu has done why
Because if he tells me a lie, I'll tell him
Well, I have noted here that the group
from Facebook blah blah blah blah blah with him
This girl's name blah blah blah blah blah
It was a multi-account of yours, what do you have to do?
say but I'm not going to be bad I'm going to
to ask about a topic if it is honest
and I see that she is honest, I change another one
topic if you tell me an answer that I know that
It's a lie, I'm going to tell him [ __ ]
Someone could come here and tell you this
and without me telling you, you're lying to me.
I'm throwing away the argument I would give you
another person to refute your point but
I'm acting as a lawyer, let's say.
I only take the devil's side
of the spectator You know I take sides
of the one who is listening to it and who does not know
I was left wanting to tell him but but
Tell him that I'm just saying, I'm already thinking about
that person and I tell him without any
problem I mean I don't I mean I am a
good person when I do the talks no
I don't push anyone more than they know how to do.
deserves Hey
is on a plane Yes, for that is now
same while we are here talking
Nimus is already on the plane going to
There, yes, of course, well, he had to take it
Two have taken a flight from Argentina to Madrid
and from Madrid to Barcelona how strong it is
right now it may be us
listening perfectly to
entertain yourself on the journey because I don't know
If there is a trial or you can't, yes, yes, I will do it.
WiFi last time I came I don't know
from Barcelona or if he is listening to us
Greetings for encouragement and I told you that you saw
They also asked if Javi is coming.
I've already told you that we talked about the podcast
But there are new people, you know that
People sometimes have a hard time seeing, I think.
year I think before the end of the
year we are there yes
before I think so I am that
I was already going, I mean, I was going there but I
They brake, I don't see any dental problems
But well, I prefer. Yes, well, let's see.
I think I think I think I have to
At the moment I have around two months
two and a half months covered
If they keep suing me every time he leaves
approaching a new trial date
Well, I can never talk like that.
clear is what it has no Hey that is not it
Bad is not a bad strategy but it will come
a moment when I say Look at many
sometimes it doesn't matter if it's not the same
I have nothing to hide nor do I have anything that I don't
I have nothing to deceive Neither do I because
I prefer to do things right and not
get ahead of myself or Hey
I prefer that everything has its course
but I'm going to go straight, that is, but I'm going
I'm going to put my little ass there in the
They've put my little ass on the same side. Here it is.
a comment that I see being repeated
a lot and it's like coscu never
would accept a chat Maybe not with me
I tell you one thing, first of all I am
a pretty person
convincing and persuasive, that is, because I know
address people's objections and
Giving them a final solution is simple, no
coscu ven no Why if it gives me the
opportunity to see why because I can
see because you don't want to because you do want to
go to Jordi's podcast and not mine
which is because of the reach Honestly coscu
dinami podcast comes from Jordi los
millions of visits are guaranteed
Yes, it will have the same reach.
It's not going to change much, it has been a
news but he's going to have it he's going to have it
you're going to have it, it's not going to change much or
I think that without going any further
and the first video that I have uploaded on my
channel has 1.2 million views
first video How many podcast channels
or their first video has 1.2 million and
friends keep going up at the end who
does a good job if the podcast is a
content that is actually good
worked that vergrim ends up giving
visits and reach are achieved equally
What I can guarantee you is that
It's that I'm really going to leave him
to expand, to explain, to feel
comfortable but it is an uncomfortable situation and
I tell you something else, it is uncomfortable if he doesn't
has answers to certain questions
If it's not a damn blessing, of course I
for example I always think that the one who
He who owes nothing fears nothing
way there is a topic No I don't have any
uncomfortable topic that I cannot be told about
ask me when they have done it to me
interviews I have always responded to everything
without any problem, anything else
is that third parties get in the middle or if
something extremely personal but something never
I have never said no to a question
you know So I think it's like that Dallas
When he came, topics were discussed
extremely sensitive Dallas explained
that he tried to take his own life
Dallas explained everything he has suffered
This time Dallas explained a video
statements that are crazy about
certain people to the point that I
I had to say relax then
myself or rather There are times when
podcast is seen when it really gets going
I tell you, relax, you bastards.
war guard that the guy took me
is cheering and is going to get out of there
filing three lawsuits Then
all conflicts all all all for
For me as a follower of the Channel it was
an epic moment that in fact my partner
who must be listening to this because
She is also a follower of the Channel that
I send a greeting that is there in the other
room making tiktoks
She was laughing her head off when I was there
making the premiere of the podcast and of and
suddenly you get into the chat and
You say I've been here for an hour and it's headline three
headline And suddenly you go live
and says This guy has been with us for 4 hours
[ __ ] Dalas Sitting here and not stopping
having to make an extension for
finish reacting to all that
laughing But that was when
they were training
Yes yes yes, well we've been going for four hours now
premiere and you were like a glass I
I think so
I think that was the best
I think it is undeniably epic.
See, I think the podcast has been that
is going to happen
the others but it is clear that the
character the character It is that it is that it is
is that no one has ever brought him anyone
had done that before So it's the
best podcast out there right now
It's not Mira, it's not my favorite podcast.
Okay, it's not my favorite podcast.
Favorite podcast is Salomundo's. But
because Salomundo is one of the people
that I admire most in the world of
business is a guy that I think people
is not aware of the empire that has
mounted on the contacts it has
The battles that explain if you tell me
an anecdote with Leonardo DiCaprio that is
He is a [ __ ] legend, not only of
YouTube but of the entrepreneurship of everything
He is a person that I admire very much and
today just like I was telling you that
With Willy I am very proud to say
who is my friend Salo is one of my best
friends to the point that there are anecdotes that
Well, for the moment they have not been counted
publicly about things that happened that
week that for me was one of the
happiest weeks of my life When
I recorded that podcast which was also the
same week that Salo came to Andorra to
give a talk in the auditorium
Andorra national with me in plan was
a very very cool week and honestly
That's my favorite podcast so
means and why I think that
extraordinary and because it was the first and
He was the first person to bet on
this project So I this always
I will remember it with great affection later
you will obviously give it is the podcast that
Once I finished it I said it's the one
the only one that is currently capable of
overcome eviction, that is to say, I
I recognize that the Hay living room podcast
some time when it may be that
Well, then you are not interested in the subject.
disconnect that is but it gives you the
cocaine the one from Dallas is is you can't
I know people who have stopped it
put and has seen it in one go no
Can you stop? It's your interview, man.
Of all the ones I have given, there is no
a lot but that is your interview for that
me so far eh And I think I'm from
the people who know everyone best
sweats that is what I would have loved
having that interview happens that I in
These moments Maybe I couldn't
I don't want to get into so many topics, but
I would have loved that interview
When I saw her, there's something there.
one thing that
I want to do at some point
What else with you and Dallas?
a trio
Javier crab to the crab
propose it we still have pending the
Dallas and I took a photo that now
As I was with the training issue I say
Hey, well, look, I'll throw the same thing at you.
I'll get in shape by winter
sell a calendar or something like that
I was going to propose but of course I don't know about here
man I will ask him
Your honor would buy the calendar from you
of a eh my mother
the kids but they were left pending and
I say look now that now that more or
less but now I'm in August again
time eating what I'm eating all wrong
resting all bad there is no coach
Here are things that Comment comments a
chat user called Rincn
animal says I smell that there is going to be
cross-debates with various guests
I can assure you
that with Dallas it has already been spoken about that
can hold debates on certain topics
with people as to who I don't want
bring the discussion format like the one that
Jordi Wild has it but by 2024 I
I would like to bring the debate format and I
I would like Dallas to be one of the
recurring participants in that format
which he told me he agrees with
in being able to come and do debates What's up?
for example, debating against someone
who is a flat-earther where do I get one?
flat-earther who has the balls to
do a face-to-face with Dalas of course
So that's the point the idea is
There Dallas at full speed is a horny guy
animates whatever we put on the table
problem that no one wants
debate with Dallas
They don't want to debate with him when they are
controversies exposed by him
No, I mean, I'm not looking for that much.
Dallas debate against someone who
I do not rule out that it could be raised.
some I refer more to debates of a
topic a topic of For example I don't know
Cuba Well, let an expert from Cuba come.
of I don't know what against Dallas for example
immortality someone who says he is
impossible against Dallas any topic
These do not have to be gossip.
that I am a great lover of the debate of the
debate when two opinions are put in
contrast and seeks to argue
to create one more opinion, I don't know
more complete and I think he's a guy and
What I'm going to say is something I believe
that they have said many times but I want
emphasize it and Dallas is a crack in
as for research and I think so
to leave the gossip world and make videos
Flow Tri Line roll the macabre story
from the internet of I don't know what the event of no
I know how many Bermuda Triangles
I would watch those videos with vamos con
Popcorn
I often ask him to make a video
Well, I've told you about Michael Jackson.
What I said, man, make a video of this.
Please or ignore me. Get into the topic.
watch it compare the documentaries they say
They say around here because Dallas' IQ is
far above the rest I know that IQ
has Dallas because he told me but he
I forgot to ask him on the podcast
is
Ah, he has never said it, no
to the right I think not but let's see that
note also no That is neither
He told me No, it's not bad at all because as
the average
No, he's not super gifted, but he's close.
He has an IQ of 135 and I honestly believe
that if you redo the test you get it, look at it
I knew one in the chat So I understand
Yes, he must have said it, but let's see if
I told him
I don't have that much Lore Sorry friends Lo
I feel It was already known I remember I that
I took out what I don't remember. What I took out
but I think that more than 130
also eh Because I remember that I
Talking to him, he gave me the test and
I did and I don't know if I got the same or more
less out there because I remember that
talking we said we got together we said
something like between those of us who have
a similar team we get together now yes
I don't remember what the move is like
a little bit true is a topic I in its
moment also tells me the exam as
anyone who likes it that I know if you have
ego And if you are good at riddles,
lateral intention And that Out of curiosity
Yes, I was for a matter of saying damn
I'm very good at all this, I've won
several math competitions and this one
kind of things no And of thought
lateral logic etcetera and I said damn
I want to take a test to see how it goes.
and these psychotechnical tests that
They really are the ones you know what it's like
Logic is not relatively simple
So for me it's a bit artificial
because perhaps the most honest note is the
first test you do if you were to do a
second test is relatively easy
Obviously there will be people who will not go to
answer well almost none but it is not
so difficult to answer correctly
once you understand where the are
traps you know anyway this is it
Stephen Hawking said that he didn't say that
Who needs to take one of these tests?
to know if he is smart or stupid or
be in a very good way, there is no more for that
Let's see about the smoothie
there are times uncle
I, for example, there are times when I see
In opinions I'm not just telling you the
gossip except when we discuss topics x
There are things that I often do
I see super clear and super logical and I see
other people turn it around and search for
Here and Search we had certain debates not
I'm not going to put any topic on the table
because I don't want anyone to give up
alluded to but we put several debates
on the table that you were left with as if with
my ass is broken and I, man, am I
explaining and I think I am
explaining in the simplest way possible
world and there are times when such Hey but what
What seemed like nonsense to me is that the
Naim Darrechi was 11 because that is
that that that that that that is not alive
I don't know if he's 11 but the guy doesn't
reaches the level of a potato is about
there that has 50 or 60 maybe not but
man 11 11 is too much Look, I have
Seen the debate. Well, I don't know if it's called
debate or public humiliation that
they made the poor
Although there is little poverty and my mother I
I couldn't stand it, I'm embarrassed for him
I'm sorry but what I think is that
They've thrown it a lot at Dallas that
Dallas is very good at choosing people who
It seems like they [ __ ] themselves and they are
making a great effort not to [ __ ] himself
while they breathe while they talk to him
to do the debates And it is
truth has faced people who did not
It makes no sense But it's the same to you
He went to cell when he was doing the debates
against albertito this albertito
Yes, you also had the little Albert in one.
This is another one that no
It is to humiliate him in a humiliating way.
that they are uncle that that content that that of
the two debates that we have the celi I
with him with little Albert that's it that's it
gold that is internet history or so
that as content people and I with that
person I had a really bad time because I got into
see the controversy at the time and I saw how
the final episode and I said yes yes I watched it
I saw it, I'm screwed because I've been there a lot.
years of watching [ __ ] gossip
I know just enough about Albertito. I think that
yes everything everything everything Maybe not but the
70 75 yes I know how it ended and everything I did
a special cell that I saw is
I saw it special this year, I didn't know that
existed where I put it even with a
Dude, I don't know if he was going like I'm a cop or
something like that or my cousin I don't know what but what
He told me, little Albert, don't come to me like that.
Hey, I don't care at all and I don't know and
It was like very epic was the one warned with
a face with balls here in the
neck saying please kill me and
end my suffering
something like there are many things
worse than not known
Surely, surely in the end you think that in
internet on the internet what what is
sample and I see it as an iceberg
we show the tip and in fact you as
gossip channel I know you know more
top things to say inside your
channel there are more top things that have not been
counted than those that have been counted and that
and that could be videos of millions and
millions Yes of course but then Tomorrow
you would have several problems
Yes, of course, of course, I have always thought that
the day I'm going to retire deluxe I
I always thought about the day I would leave
withdraw But why and the day that you
you are going to withdraw what it is to say is that
I have the intention of
do harm not because there are many people who
It is believed that because I am a son of
[ __ ] a little and have more vocabulary and
I put my foot in it many times
that I have no intention of sinking
someone mainly because I am from
people who think that no one has
the ability to sink someone with
a video with neither a Game Over nor with nor
taking everything out, that is, you have to not
you have the ability to bring someone down
That's it, I said something. The one who sinks, I
I will clarify that I disagree first of all
I agree with you that or at least the
The reading that I do is only one can
sink himself Sure but you with a
video you can point out where it is
I think the reason for its sinking is yes.
that there are videos that have sunk careers
Yes, there are and yes, they can exist.
It is like that by the way, look at what they say
I don't know if you mentioned this here.
something by Ricky Edith because I've arrived
late
I first of all know that you are going to leave here
without cable let's see Surprise me Let's see tell me
no nothing, that is, he talks to you on the phone
This afternoon when I found out
Let's see, I'm not a friend of Ricky Eddy nor
I consider that I have a very good one.
I consider that I have a very good one
reaction with him on a personal level No
I know what you think of me at the moment
has always given me good words
even when they have come to harass him
about me and I keep it very much
I appreciate it for that I consider that Ricky
He is an excellent person and what I
It happened to me and it made me sad.
I mean, it saddens me because
I feel like I have a certain friendship with him and
I don't wish what happened to anyone
I supposedly passed him first
If I told you this, I thought it was
Joke, I told you, I mean, I thought that
It was a troll like the one they had done
In the past I didn't dress every
tweets because I've been recording the song
of virus Okay then I haven't seen it
everything but yes, at dinner I saw that
I had put I don't know what about someone who had
consumed things and that maybe there was
there has been a V now you give us details
we read it but but oysters
It has sat badly with me, that is because I
I have written to him and told him uncle just like that
I told him, look, I'll read it to you just like that.
conversation or conversation messages
that I have sent because obviously not
He answered me, he must be in Sad Boy mode
No
very normal and I know people who have the virus
He has also sent encouragement because of
Ricky himself also sent him
encouragement To him it is to say that I know that he has
received a lot of encouragement Ricky is a guy
who has a very good relationship with many
people because although from a role as very
aggressive and very controversial It is an excellent
person is sincerely one of the greats
discoveries I've had this year
a very good boy and the guy I have
said Mister I hope that Lali's is
a byte of yours not in a roll plan
a trap like this to make someone crazy
from Twitter or something like that and if not then stop
Anything you can count on me for and
He already knows it and I think he doesn't care.
You're going to need to count on me because
you can count on a lot of people
also that he is going to support him but oysters
When I saw the tweets that
he was putting and how he was
climbing everything I said [ __ ] This is going to
be true and it has sat with me like the
[ __ ], because I also know them both.
Lali is lovely too and I also know
that he really wants Ricky and
They are going to sink and he is a guy who although
It usually happens to many people to see
Even if it is shown on networks, let me tell you
Say one thing. Excuse me, interrupt me.
Now you continue but I'm not going to be the same.
same obviously I don't think that either
have good it depends I'm not going to be the
same obviously but he my topic not
He didn't treat him in the best way either or
be when That's where you That's where
I believe that you can prove yourself
better person if really the one who
someone has mistreated a topic of yours
personal gives you let's say certain
social authority that no one is going to give you
criticize a lot if you pay him with the
same coin but I think in those
moments is when you show that
you are a better person and that you really know
They can do well, I can't do it, I don ...
for example when wismichu good
said published some of my conversations
in which I said certain things to him
myars those conversations have a
context those conversations well
will have a legal context also apart
As it is logical and I think so but
Then you read the conversations and
Chicolo says in that conversation he doesn't say
a [ __ ] [ __ ] So I'm you
putting don't tell your mother that almost
two of them together or something like that Haha Haha
Please can you give me a little bit of
shame but I have a context in
my life at that moment of which I do not
I speak because I do not sell my life and I do not
I have to be explaining But
anyone who sees in that conversation
It's something to jump on
hairs because I don't know what topic
Your staff treated Ricky SS badly when
the conversation as if wismichu was it
What about Miare? And that was published with bad
intention that this will be talked about and about this
I will talk to you at length because that
have let's go but apart I think there is
that I have to simply explain
watching the screenshots and reading but
very cool what he did was you know how he did
yes I know that I know that what
no what this reads I have more than
learned what I didn't know was that Ricky
I had commented on it when I published it
Also, it kind of plays with the
words to cheat with The ages
She also plays a game from her Twitter
a little bit with the ages to try
make it look like something shady you know
when it really is a load of rubbish
and Ricky started telling me that I was a
dirty old man there goes to debate with him friend
I remember now, I remember now, it's true
yes yes
It was a personal issue of mine, man.
Thank God for us because we give him
the importance of what it has for me
gravity First things first is that
The one who publishes it is there to insinuate
Nobody And to designate no one and I am
if it had been me if it had been that
I would not deal with the subject elsewhere
If I had answered, I will answer you now.
but how many how many how many years ago
of that four months or five months
four months after Ricky did it that
Well, it was made public and Ricky Lo
tried four months or five months in my
header like it was years ago but
about mia eh
since 2016 for almost a decade Ah
but it's when you made the video
From Game Over by Miare they already attacked you
saying that you had tried to flirt
with her No but oh I thought you
You meant that, damn. If it's from 4 or 5 years ago
months then This one I don't like
I knew what I wanted to tell you, that is
Ricky having that I think he has a
pair of lights reads the conversation is a
Uncle I think it's another uncle who is
I think Ricky is gifted too.
super gifted is on the edge is very comfortable
If the problem you have with Dallas I
I think apart from that because they already have it
dragging on time and no And none goes
to give the twisted arm
also the people who played a theme
but what I want to tell you
that I see a bit like Ricky the
mentality Knowing how one acts as
act another and churrete you are not seeing the
capture and you who are reading there and the
tone that he gave in the live and of the
so he laughed at me and such a man was
a personal matter and he didn't treat me
With respect, I however, consider this topic
I will treat you with the utmost respect
possible because it is a topic
painful It's that I know he is
in love with that girl I know that he
is truly in love and I will tell you
One thing I don't know the context So
I don't know There has been I ask you I'm going to
asking from ignorance has
there has been infidelity or it has been a V or a
alleged V what has happened to see I do not
I was a bastard I can't do it to you I can't do it to you
I can do no but you have not read the
tweets in the tweets that I saw that
initially it was as if it was raised
an infidelity and then it was like
Well, in truth it has not been like that but
It really has been something else, I'm not telling you.
I haven't read it diagonally.
That's what I say, since it's a topic
extremely serious that I have a lot
I appreciate Ricky not promising the paw and
To say something that is not before is to say
because I can have an opinion
respect, that is to say, for example, if I
have been unfaithful I am something that
I'm hardly going to forgive you know and
Damn, it's hard, look, but it has been a
And I have nothing to forgive, I'm going to
support that person and I'm going to go against
the person who attacked my partner
with all I know you the context of it
What's there? Because there is very little information.
so far and there we think if
want and I tell you what I think okay okay
Publicly what there is is Ricky since
It has been noticeable for a few days now
publicly as more depressed
emotionally and so on, putting some
tweets So a little SAT and people
begins to realize in the last
hours of unfollowing or well
they will have blocked or he will have blocked
to her and he begins as I understand that to
ask him to get some information out of him
she and then
He even deletes the photos he has with
she on Instagram and so on and she comes out
today that is something that I do not understand
why because because I don't know what need
has no one filter it from your taking out
this and says take out the next thread at
12 noon Hi guys I'm here to
give you an explanation and announce that
After this I will take off my nets
long time Because it will be necessary
you've been watching bad Ricky these
days and it has been my fault I have failed him and
I have completely ruined our
trust it is not easy for me to say this
in public but just like they say
good things must also be known
to recognize when you do things wrong and
I did it terribly, I screwed up
enormously if I share it with you
It's because I want to publicly expose my
I have spoken all that I regret
I had to talk to Ricky and I
I apologized as much as I could now
I just need the love of my life to
forgive me and make him see that his girl
will be here forever And is capable of
love him and do things well, I insist
that you send a lot of love and support to
Ricky and be kind with all this
behaved well here the first one
reading and now I'll read you the next thread
that has risen after that and yours
that Ricky has also put of course me
Here what I think is the same as you
that these people are jokers and
have already done on other occasions are
trolling so that everyone
world eats it so that it mocks I don't know
I thought this thread was a troll.
I thought this was a troll, of course, I say
These people are going to take a week off
video like this and it will be and it will be troll no but
now at 4 in the afternoon when the
people are giving it to her when they see that
People are giving him a hard time, Ricky.
absolutely no further movement of
what is seen publicly is not that
has none of your networks remove the photo
Ricky absolutely nothing and she puts a
thread at a quarter to four that I finished
to record that video that I recorded with the
mobile and I spoke to you on the phone that
I told you uncle This will be will be will not be and
Now she puts this, eh, pay attention
I thought I could handle it but I have
friends and family devastated
I have suffered sexual abuse
unconscious by substances that I
I am responsible for consuming and if I have
It has been difficult to accept it because neither
I remember the act itself, it is not the first time
time I live This
I denied it and repeated to myself a thousand times that I didn't
It had happened because of fear, I lied.
on countless occasions and I have realized
realize that no matter how irresponsible and
horrible that Ricky was in the only
person I care about
Now come all of you who have what
You have called me all kinds of children of the
big [ __ ] that you have no [ __ ] idea about
the thing and hate and [ __ ] come out
that you carry inside to the minimum extent
all to those who have to keep quiet the most
Now I'm leaving this social network blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah
Do you want to give your opinion first? Yes, I do.
I see, let's see, I repeat, it's a super topic
delicate and let it be noted that the opinion that
I'm going to give it and I understand the same thing that you're going to
to give you is based Only the
that you just read, that is, if tomorrow and
There is no information, I am going to retract
of this opinion and I will generate one
new okay in this case what I see is
the first message smells like
Infinity [ __ ] I can't get it in fidelity
there there is a tongue twister
an infidelity but that is simply
He repents like I've made a mistake
I slipped and [ __ ] myself and that's it
Ricky is the love of my life, not Funes.
I fell on myself blah blah blah which is
a first part that thread that
you could say what he comes here for not in
plan that is necessary this does not seem to me
super correct Why Because they
They know at all times that if Ricky breaks up
with her or she breaks up with Ricky or whatever
and ends without giving explanations
People are going to think it's Ricky's fault.
and they are going to attack him. Then I think that
There is dyslexia, I think, totally there.
It's a super good point that she has
that's good, let's say that courage because
Even if I made a mistake, it is
brave to recognize it and say that this is done
bad Ricky is not to blame please
sorry is not a little the speech then
the next one I understand is not
describing no V but rather
that I interpret now we see what you think
you or what you have understood me
I interpret that I have drunk too much or I have
taken some substance some drug
that it is that it uninhibits me a little from the
I have actually ended relationships with
another person says something that has already been said
occurred in the past with which between
that one of the effects that usually happens
like when you consume this type of
substances is that you can forget what
has happened before Although in that
moment you are aware of what you are
doing has made you feel like you are already
[ __ ] in the first place because it
suppose that this is not the first time that
what happens to him then is like I have not learned
of my mistakes And secondly because
[ __ ] is a brown ally then I
I understand that, I don't understand that there isn't
there has not been a V but it really
has made a mistake and has been unfaithful
and it is going to be seen, I think the same as you almost
exactly yes more or less exactly
What happens is that I am truly sorry
very much and if I'm wrong I'll retract
when more information comes out if it is
proves the opposite but I think that
This girl also tends and is
using a very ugly thing to stop
make an excuse this girl has been
unfaithful to Ricky Eddy Hey, I was going, I was going
with a few drinks or whatever it was that
such but these people I think I don't think that
together I don't think you know which one it is no no
They live, they live, she, I think this is Zaragoza
and he is from Andorra I think the nuance that
It is for me the key is that it says
substances or whatever I've taken
by my own will, I don't know if I explain myself
like Read that sentence again where
He says he did it, yes, it's his fault.
mine that I took them and of course and also I
I regret that you regret have
abused because of course it's not that I think that
It doesn't say anywhere that they have abused
of her not in what you have read Yes it says
sexual abuse she says first to the
twelve noon Ah well her
She comes out without anyone filtering it and without
nothing because I didn't have the need to
publish it okay And she takes it and goes out and
account I am very sorry to give it to you
love Ricky is the love of my life no
I know what the typical thing is that those who put it
They cheat on you and it feels great
bad feels super bad super bad super
bad and suddenly at the moment that you
I was cheating because this
herself has gone from being a kid at the moment
not that I put it but that they have made me
Suffering is worth it at the moment you are being treated
putting the horns they have not thought about
you and they had a great time but
when
they hit the other because he has
found out not because she came
have told because from what I have
caught is that if he had not had
the same night Hey you know they haven't told you
caught and when they are caught then
you feel so much regret and so much
Shame they want more Ricky It's your
love please give him all the love
world that at 12 and 4 hours later
when people are giving it a go
Because for me, for example, it has been a
decision and I have told Ricky many
Sometimes, dude, your girlfriend is the real buccaneer.
On Twitter it makes me laugh a lot, I don't know
what I saw them as having so much
chemistry had a brutal chemistry and you
I swear it makes me very sad to hear
This but I also think it is a topic
very delicate and I understand what you are saying is
one can reach that logical conclusion
de Uy has made this mistake and has thrown
the mythical is not the excuse of V but here
There's something they're talking about in the chat.
also that he is a person who says that
He is from Zaragoza and has friends in
common with this girl and says the bad thing is
that in the past with her ex-boyfriend already
suffered an alleged V Vale then
Of course, I would be careful there.
the fact that imagine put that no
It is an excuse that is a reality that
has suffered I have said I have said that if this
It's true, then I will apologize.
I will retract the whole topic but
I am right now with what we have on
I don't believe the table, I think it is
I don't believe it. This is not the first time.
time because there will be people who say oh
But he's going to put this excuse is not the
First time I heard it What do they put on it?
My question, the question I ask is
Let's see, I also give myself the answer.
I myself don't because in the end I read in that way
I already think about this no But I would tell you
Why would I want to lie if in everything
moment is saying I have taken this
by own will before in the first
thread said I [ __ ] myself and
I have been unfaithful with Enrique in a plan For
what would he want to lie if he has already told you one
lots of things without anyone asking
like it has been noticed that it really is
Or at least she seems repentant and that
wants to say things as they are
get Riki back at any cost
It seems to be and that's why he doesn't care
immolate herself which I repeat
It seems very brave of them.
because the way things are, it is
very easy to say No look it happened to me
This and Ricky hasn't supported me, boom, shot
[ __ ] to the other side and have a good time
and destroys it I would love to know if it is
has already filed a complaint against the abuser
That's another one that nobody knows who it is.
nor will it be known because it will not be known
sue delo is that if you don't sue
then personally if you don't remember
nothing and does not know who he is there is no Who
sue you know but if you have any
way to request evidence from the cameras
or whatever because I understand that there will be
met that person somewhere
public that will have cameras any
discotheque any of these places has
security cameras I think there
It would be quite key to take action
legally do this to me or do it to him
something a relative of mine
to my partner whoever it is the deep and I
I sweep the whole city to find
I find that tremendous son of a [ __ ]
I provide the necessary resources with
do justice, that's for sure.
So if you don't do that exercise,
to do justice is that perhaps there is no need
do justice to nothing Look, I'll see you
If I'm going to add another point to my
theory okay, we'll see this.
We are giving our opinion because it is a topic that
would have been exposed if it had not been exposed
I would have found out about this in
private I assure you that the name is not mentioned
He doesn't say it, I guarantee it, okay. But
as they have explained it, well we are
I'll tell you more, I don't know what there is.
people who say don't talk about this that is
delicate sincerely I think it is very
It's good that we're talking here because
I think we are being quite logical
quite understandable understandable
respectful Hopefully on the rest of the channels
They treat him the same and I bet him an egg and
part of the other that tomorrow but Today there is
five videos on the typical channels
gossip saying Hahaha Ricky the new
horned I don't know what the ad and he has
posted a good tweet the anunus has
position
Don't laugh so much, let's see what I
I understand that if they have that I know things
that I know things
It wasn't that useful because you remember what
What I told you Well what I said with the con
the guy's talk that there is a lot
people on Twitter who project worth No
I say that he may have suffered something
similar nor will I suffer or anything
but Nuk is not the one to be here
to say I explain things to Ricky yes
It has its things there you know it has its
corpses in the closet he has, he will have
I understand that yes, I understand that yes
They have a conflict. Well, at first glance
The best thing to see is cancel a tutorial.
Ricky Eddy and he has put it Haha it seems
that you weren't the only one who followed Al to the hotel
I don't know if Ricky told him in
sometime something that is the same
level if Ricky in something Because by
example I have told you I am not going to
I'm not going to, I'm not going to try to treat this.
topic with the utmost respect but I have it
that obviously treat
Although at the time he didn't tell me
treated with respect
I'm not going to do the same thing but not
can make the decision without me knowing
that maybe Ricky did it to him
some more or less similar comment
You know what happens, there is something for me
There are some very clear limits, man. Look, I
if it were a gossip channel that today
Today I don't consider myself so even though I have done
a joke on the podcast has been from the
gift fabric It's on the podcast with virus
This is your little house, you said there in a
Greetings Melissa on the podcast
that I recorded today I have presented
saying welcome or something very
Hello, Welcome to a new episode.
without fear of success Although at this rate
we will have to call him without fear of gossip
Once that wink was made it would be good to
you will start a podcast saying What's up
my kids can you imagine
I'll start yours, I'll start yours for you
I start with what's going on, kids, and you
I'm excited, listen to me, I was going to, I was going to
say that the topic of anug I have a
doubt is worth it because it is something that I
I put in one day to see if you would comment on it but
No, I didn't finish watching it because you're a
bastard that suddenly the
direct an hour late then well then I
I had to go and there was a day when you wanted
reveal a relationship between two people
What a couple they were, I don't know.
agreement
because it is known if he has a partner that is
public
I don't think they haven't made it public. Ah
Okay, then I'll shut up. Of course, anug, I know.
Who is your partner? Don't mess with yourself
That's good, that's good, I'm going to read it.
Ricky Eddy's post because this is clear
This is very important for the
opinion we are giving Look at the
can
5:20 in the afternoon, or one hour
after her last post of the
last thread I can't stop reading abuser
and manipulative in the mentions and I don't
I have done nothing I have discovered a thousand
lies from my partner and
investigate I have found out about everything I am
devastated because he has hidden many things from me
things and ended up in a situation
horrible but I haven't blamed her for anything
for which he has been responsible or
aware
laugh and call me whatever you want
I don't care. I just want it to be known.
that I am not like that and I understand that my
content makes you angry
and that my profile would catch them But no
I want to be labeled as that, I have to
It's hard for me to assimilate everything and clear my head.
process everything that has happened to me
This message is very clear what is
saying from my judgment knowing that it is
a short message that may be missing
context and that there will be many things that are not
They will say and everything you want is worth it
So I could be wrong about that.
margin of error due to lack of information
but I think what is read here is
I have not blamed this person for what
that has made her conscious and she in her
tweet then says I have drunk or I have
taken substances that have made me
reach a conscious state x and
voluntarily Therefore Ricky I believe
that what you are pointing at is not me
It bothers me that you were unfaithful because
you were not perhaps in your capabilities
cognitive
adequate but what has bothered me is
that you have induced yourself to that state
voluntarily knowing that you have
background of what has happened to you in another
moment of your life as they say around here
and as she has reiterated, then some
The problem with these is that you haven't
learned from your mistake if I know I have
a drinking problem or I have a
problem with a substance x or y I do it
What I'm going to do is not consume this
have self-control and avoid problems
So I think the problem lies
there not in the act itself but in how you have
Having reached that point, I believe that is what it is.
what is he saying in that tweet
And as they say here, I don't see Ricky.
angry I see him hurt But why him
he's in love, that's how he is, you're not
You detect here that he does not believe her
I don't detect that, I detect that I don't detect
what he is saying friends do not think
I'm saying this because I believe it is
What will they be throwing at Ricky is Oh le
They have made a v and you who always tries
being very fair is rejecting her
for that reason and you have left her for that reason or
that it was no I don't know if they have left it No
I have no [ __ ] idea, what I see is her, Ricky.
friends, do not confuse us, for me the error
It's not what happened that stops happening
with that person x or y for me the mistake
is to induce you into a state in which you do not
You have control over your actions
For me that is the error and that is where it points out
Ricky Ricky is an extremely cool guy.
mature Oh I'm here Ricky is a guy
extremely mature and I have the
certainty that the uncle
He thinks a lot about the tweets he posts and that
He really knows how to forgive and knows
understand and all this but I think that
What bothers him is that the girl in that
case not allegedly so we can
see has been induced into a state in which
that he has lost control
Let's see, no, I'm not going to put my hand in it.
fire Because that truth Because that
Lie because it is evident that it is not
it is not known in the end no
I'm going to put myself here but read the other one
Javi No, there is no more, I have read that I
You are saying that there is another one but there isn't
there is no other, there is no other tweet
there is no other
says yes says the reference to the
lies makes me suspect that the
girl pulled out a very dirty card I don't know
maybe you know what's going on man and
That's the drama, I'm very against it.
to make your public relations good
What do I know, my partner is public in
plan if someone goes to my Instagram they know
who is my partner because she is going to
find in some photo with me but my
partner is not an influencer my partner is not
does Stories my partner doesn't talk about me
I explain, I don't put my partner in the
videos it doesn't matter I have with my partner
Yes there is another one like that there is a new tweet you say
I say I think the mistake is to do your
public relations I think that's the
mistake that people are realizing
Now of course why that is one of
the questions I asked myself today because
comes out this thread or in fact you know
before you read the new tweet you know about
What are they starting to get out of me now?
Twitter, the one with the two TikToks I have
with Ricky that I asked him why
what would happen if they left it
or check and that he said that he knew that if
that happened at some point it would be because
a mutual agreement that nothing would happen
It's bad that she didn't tell him because I told him you are
aware that if she spends any time
something you leave and he attacks you and tells you is
A sexist is going to screw you over because
They're going to make a mess of things and he told me it's not going to happen.
I know her and I wouldn't do it and look she had
reason why anything has happened
that we do not know what it was but it is not
has thrown [ __ ], the opposite has happened
said Ricky is not to blame for anything, it's my fault
blame the truth that is there you can see that there is
a relationship that even if it has its flaws
like any other and in this case
It seems like a very big mistake, man.
have been sufficiently adult and
Let's remember that the girl has, I think,
20 years I would like to see a lot of people
At 20, be just as mature and know
what you are exposing yourself to and
knowing that even if you have shat yourself
What we were talking about before is not all about
redemption I don't think everything has
redemption I think that is possible
to have perhaps simply not
They will be couples again if they want to be
have left in case something has happened
serious but yes, if she has been there since day 1
before anyone leaks anything it is not
like La if cora that there is a video of
she eating another's mouth and then
have told a lot of stories that
They don't believe them, neither do we, nor Pepito from
the sticks at the moment when I go down
my opinion at the time when she
face reality from minute 1
I think she's being brave there and she
He knows the reach that Ricky has and he knows
how is Twitter that's why it is also removed
the networks but I think he has done it
sense or let's see at what moment
Okay, let's read the new one, aunt, and now I'll tell you.
men who make fun of the subject
They just call me a cuckold but the
women who dare to comment on it
They do it with all the hatred, ignorance and
evil of the world in the only tweet that
I have put it about it I say clearly
that I wouldn't blame my partner for anything that
would have done unconsciously
You are manipulating something that I have already
denied and lying about a topic of the
that you don't even know the dates if it were
in my hand I would be in charge of putting and
criminalize the person responsible
personally instantly but
right now it's not possible
That is, Laura has uninstalled the networks
hours ago and still ended up in
emergency room awaiting admission
hospitable due to the situation in which
are found
justify my words with falsehood
hatred towards women who always
You attribute it to machismo, misogyny or whatever
whatever the [ __ ] you want
proving to be real trash even
between you all, disgust is worth what it is here
Ricky is saying So it is that if
you believe it
not totally saying I think that
What she tells him has happened to her is
I understand that it is true that here we are
talking about abuse or a V or something
This does not confirm that there is
something happened, he even says he knows
who is that person no Or does he imply that
He doesn't say that he would love to criminalize
to the person in charge who, if he were in his
hand would do it instantly but that
It is not possible then I understand that it is worth it
you can't tell who it is
Okay, okay, maybe you don't know who it is.
but I think that then it is quite
clear it is not to say it is very simple or to
less As it has been presented to us, he
What bothers him is not what he has done
unconsciously but consciously
What is inducing yourself into that state, I understand?
that also Perhaps what will have hurt him
more and here I am already speculating but
Knowing Ricky a little, maybe he's going for it
there and it is the issue that as it says
the dates Maybe it's because this hasn't
past now but maybe it is from a long time ago
two months one month three months let me explain and
It may be something he has discovered
Now that's why I said there had been
He has pulled the thread of many lies
discovered what happened and says
[ __ ] this has happened to you and you didn't tell me
counted and I am your partner Where is the
trust and then the bond
there it breaks, it is no longer a matter of not you
I want you I want you is not a matter of
trust if I have a partner
There is abuse and you don't share it with me.
emotional support [ __ ] is me Where
There is the pillar in that relationship which is the
trust So I think that's what
is saying is what has bothered me
This is not what actually happened. I wish
you could criminalize that son of a [ __ ]
The problem is that the
trust because perhaps that information
From what you say, dates have not arrived.
at the time it was time
look here what I say here is
that he has much more information than the
that we are going to have all is worth it
And he will obviously be responsible for
The first thing is to find out and and and
realize whether it is true or not true
And I'm telling you the truth. I mean no.
It's because I judge her, it's not because I
I have the Maybe ugly mania or good one
Mania I don't know but I always question
all then I don't have any confidence
blind with Lali no matter how well I
fall nets that I don't mind in fact
I think we have always applauded her here
but I don't have blind trust yes
which I find a bit contradictory
first thread with the second and then I
I wonder honey, the second thread
I don't think it's against the second thread.
It seems contradictory to me, it seems to me
contradicted you know why it seems to me
it seems that already
No, you are 20 years old and you expose yourself to networks.
and you say I'm not going to give information because
It's a bit embarrassing at the time
that you suffer abuse you suffer something
We were talking about this before with the girl who
what allegedly happened to him was coscu. No no
has surely come out
talk about the topic So yes, tell me you
You have a partner, you didn't just say yes to me.
yes yes yes imagine that it happens to you Yes you
you are able to be for example
since I'm not going to tell you three months two
days when you come home and it passes
that state you are capable of being without
tell your partner no Because you have
a trust I for example with my
woman It's that I have we were best friends
before than before than boyfriend 15 years ago
It is also true that my partner is 27
years old and I'm going to be 27, we've been together for almost 8
years together, of course, always
with your partner if you are able to
live with her for two months or have spent with her
If that has happened to you and you have made a life
What I don't understand is what is clear.
that here you are we are assuming that they have
made normal life perhaps there have already been
you know that thing that you notice that you
relationship there is something wrong I have been
with the
I think this will not matter to you.
say Because it's not bad at all but I
times that I have spoken to him he speaks to me
of the bride as if she has it in her
idolizes her, loves her, that is, Dora, that is, no
no no no no Dora Then I understand
that clear what I'm missing here is
information is about when he went and he has
find out now how many months have passed
since how long has it been
This girl has been without telling him that
because the [ __ ] in the end I understand that
better there is a day a few days Maybe
that it costs you but I am that
you are a victim
I begin to think first of all that
What will have bothered him the most is the
trust that has been broken or
directly did not exist for something
so important then Even that she
has allowed itself to be induced into a state of
the one who already had a problem in the past
similar to what has already been said and then the
second and what she does I think that
It's nothing more than getting rid of the hate that
is coming due to lack of context and
done as I understand that you will not want
to give even more context is that it has already
had an anxiety attack and they have
hospitalized because that I did know
I think it was already public media that it is now
a very sensitive person and who in
any moment he could have an attack
of these and also hosts there is that you
I swear every time because I am the one who before
many people watching us Not now
the I don't know how many thousand people who
will be watching this or will be watching it
listen then are people who are in their
house scratching an egg and part of the
another one who is on the couch watching this
come as entertainment But there are
real people those people today I
I know them and there are people who
They criticize on this type of channels that which
they have an opinion or whatever it is that I
I live with them, I talk to them, they are
my friends my friends and of course I say it is
that you have to empathize a little is very
easy not to do it
or is it better not Better said it is a very little
necessary sometimes because you see it from
the distance you see it as if it were a
show but oysters are people then
when you have to live with them
knowing them you see that today the
This policy can be cancelled
everyone cancel culture
is exceeding thresholds that are not
They make no sense, it is not what it is what
same thing that is happening now with viruses
the same thing that has happened with good with
anyone who doesn't know there is a mistake
boom come on let's tell him everything
I also think there are topics that are a
It's a pity, but I don't know why they have it
that playing on Twitter I mean it seems to me a
mistake to make your relationship public
you have this problem I'm going to do it
public and I want this to explode O
I think we are already reaching a point
threshold at which people will say uncle
I do have a partner, I don't say anything
and now I don't understand why man
that we lack a lot of information
first and it is not that it is not lacking
information that we shouldn't have
had nor is today that's how I see it
I totally agree at what point
seriously that should not have been touched
one thing is that it is one thing to leak
that someone leaks it and has to see you
forced to give some kind of explanation
if you want because you can also leave
as the days go by and people are
talking speculating to someone leaks
something of yours you can let pass
days and that's it, but of course, everything is a
very delicate subject, man, because a lot, that is
On the one hand I think On the one hand I think
that it is not true that he has put the
horns and what and what is saying what
It happened like this. Hey, well, look, it was so
so look what they did to me
Okay
and on the other hand
for example I think that maybe Ricky
Well, being super super in love super
twisted because he will want to believe that
Even if something tells him that he doesn't have that.
the information to believe it Not to believe it or
even to forgive him for the because you
It may also be that they are unfaithful to you and
you can forgive him there you have it
Jonathan this one who just forgave the
girl this again now not I mean you
You can choose to forgive infidelity
also or Jonathan Mira jonatha or
Jonathan or whatever his name is, suffers for me
of the simp syndrome, that is to say, it is a
A fallen soldier is a case in point since he does not
I think there is a solution, they do the same to me
what they have done to him or what has happened
seen from outside and man I'm not going back
talk to that woman in my life Have a
a little self-love my opinion is worth And in
the case there was a point here that has me
I liked what I did, said a user Karime
I said let's see Javi delux what are you guys doing?
would do if they were in the shoes of
Rick at this point you know what's going on
First of all I would never like to be in
that situation And secondly no
We can give our opinion on this matter because we do not
we have the context is the same as you
Ricky would say, I'm sure that if
I would have had this problem myself
Javi would have asked Ricky
What would you do if you found us?
situation Ricky would tell you I don't know why
I don't have enough information but it is
that then there is the other side was
saying on the one hand there is this part that
the one who looks at the girls
wrong and that I am telling you this
It's okay that it sounds like that but it's
that on the other hand there is the issue that
for example if it is true
If it is true that it has been like that for her
he's saying [ __ ] me for
example is that I would feel very bad for
Today we talked about this today in the
dinner with viruses and with and with stanics
I was there telling them, wow, look
Have you seen Ricky's? What madness, right?
I know what they tell me Yes I have already sent it to you
spirit I don't know what and we were talking not about the
forgive not forgive and the conclusion
the one we have arrived So I have you
said before
If there really has been abuse,
there has been honest whatever it is there is no
nothing to forgive but to forgive because not
has done nothing Claro is the victim of something
In any case, justice must be sought or
support her as much as possible, no one will
It's funny that someone has relationships
with your partner but if it hasn't been something
that you have already searched but literally
There has been an abuse or whatever.
Damn, support her, she needs you more than ever
don't [ __ ] with me and I think Ricky is there
that's how it's going to be with her and honestly
we do not know what has happened
stopped happening and on the other hand if it has
past Well, it was an infidelity
I personally would not forgive her, that's how it is.
If my partner had sex
sexual with another person
voluntarily within a relationship
closed friend no matter how much in love you are
Go [ __ ] yourself, don't hurt yourself. Yes.
but also
It is your right to forgive, it is in
your right to forgive her Sure but
There you have to understand that what if that
It has happened once, I always have one
phrase that I say that I dedicate myself to
probability because I got rich with
the financial markets and all this and
I always dedicate myself to probability is
Saying no, I'm always going to be right, but
I will always be on the side that creates
that there is a greater probability that
with this I can obtain a return
In this case, if someone is unfaithful to me
I think the probability is on the side
that I do it again because I think that
It is something that is in people there
people who are unfaithful and people who
They are not unfaithful, there is no more, but you do not
you think that
Ricky has doubts right now
So you think that I think that I think
that right now Ricky feels like
disappear This must be in a
shitty situation that I don't wish on
Nobody and I hope he recovers as soon as possible
possible is to say I think to be sad
of course they're going to come out of the woodwork
possibly the best songs that
I have never done it, but I tell you that too
very hard Yes but no it wouldn't have been more
in those two more publications
Hey, forceful
Be careful with what you are saying about
Laura that Laura has not done this that
Laura is a victim
It would not have been more forceful if
had it clear
I don't know, it's such a delicate subject.
wait, you have no more topics to discuss
today
yes yes we are dictating the curl to a
level that Ricky is going to come to us
to be a troublemaker, no, you don't have other issues, no
no but month Simply
All I say here are these
options worth me personally now
It's just that, man, I'm so distrustful.
And I'm very sorry if I'm wrong about the
Girl, I don't think I'll ever see this.
Never because it will be the last thing that
you will want to know right now
YouTube Live I'm so sorry for
the girls and suddenly she hears me saying that
I doubt it, I'm really sorry.
but I don't have confidence, I don't trust her.
I know, I mean I don't trust you like that
no one and my experience in everything that
we have in all the cases that we have
seen and publicly and so on, well,
first thing that makes me question it Hey what
If that's really the case, then I'm very sorry.
and what if I imagine that Ricky will have
been able to spin until it has
found the lie
Well, I imagine there will also be a way
to spin with any guy I imagine
I found it funny, there's one there.
community here that there are people who are
Flow Javi Javier crab eh by chat
we have one who tells me deep
words that make you think delux There are
people who are unfaithful and others who are not
They are unfaithful bastards When I say this
I mean there are people who
Obviously there will be those who depend on the
not every day but normally the one who is unfaithful
It's because he is simply unfaithful if he
you put the right situation it will
do and he who doesn't don't because there are people
that has such values
unbreakable that could never be
unfaithful that if necessary we will plant
you know that point where you're really horny
They call, leave their girlfriend and throw themselves at the
another but they are not going to be unfaithful to me
I know people who have done that.
For me right now here are two
people plus the real environment people
real suffering And then for me
Right now, there's no need to crush anything here.
Neither one nor the other can have an opinion, let's see.
all the two is what there is They know
what they do by exposing it but neither
crush one or the other because if it is
one case or be the other See if it was him
he doesn't have it. So Ricky doesn't have any.
In both cases he is not guilty of anything.
both cases would have been
contrast with a very painful thing
for him So in that case Ricky
I know that for me all the support and that
better okay And in her case, well
see if he has done it
if it has been done if it has been committed
an infidelity, well, it's very bad for her
a very young girl will still have it
many years will be committed
millions of mistakes but hey, no
you're with this guy and you're single and
that's it and in case she is a
victim well hey all the support for her
I feel all the love for her
very much and
that the same or whatever the
option what you have to do all the
world do not crush give opinion Yes but
Let's try to do it with some respect
because they are real people and we are
Speaking of a hospital, it has given me
some anxiety attack on occasion
and my goodness, my goodness, what I say is that
I see that there are two users. Look, I am
that I normally tell you because I don't know if in
This community becomes a lot when you
a hater comes to you or sometimes you keep quiet about him
mouth no that I have ever seen it of
made the other day if I saw it on you
straight that I look at you one to drop a
Dallas's comment told you but
speak well of Dallas I don't know what dog of
I don't know what And you're talking about another topic
and you said we have put in which live shows
is broadcasting what O is laughing
Well here we have two people who
They live in lollipop city that one has
since you let go of my arm, madam
I think it's called lacquer or lacquer or something like that.
that I have entered an @ before
who tells me everything and I say please
Let go of my arm. I mean, you already have me.
Attention, that's it, I've already mentioned it to you.
is let go of my arm and then there is another
He keeps repeating that I go to the gym.
mental and I say If your neurons are not
able to reach conclusions
logics we have reached since
an overwhelming logic that is missing
mental gymnastics it's you not us it's
We haven't done any gymnastics
mentally we have not set up any
film just the opposite we have taken
what has been said we have tried to see
What information is said and what puzzle
We can assemble with those parts if you don't
gives to reach that conclusion It is not my
The problem, my friend, is that it is a topic
complicated and it is a gymnastics issue
mental because you Here you have to
shuffling is true it is not true that there is
since you have not put this sentence
maybe but you agree you are
I agree that for example when
we say oysters here he said
that for example not
He has not judged her for what she has done
unconscious but because he has done
conscious Okay, so we take that one
information and we take note and suddenly
one comes is that you are doing
mental gyms is that you are stupid
from the ass or rather no one has made you
no gymnastics if you want if you want
We here quietly turn off the live show and
That's it and we don't talk about anything. You see, it's that
we have to do We have to analyze
is that what you are going to have to do
the end is a little
Flow uncle Shure does not read your tweet and
He follows something else and he peels it and I say damn
what value
I'm a bit into that mod lately
I much prefer
I prefer to calm down, man, I can help you.
Can I ask you something? Come on, come on.
I do the same as you squeeze me and you
I'm going to squeeze you of course what
It happens with Uncle Sur, there is real beef
Well then you're missing a big part.
from my direct these last ones not to see
This week has been very hard for me Javi
I have had to prepare many things and
Honestly, to me the Big One among
I don't give a damn about gossip channels. Let's see.
It's that it's artela paper because it really
summary very very very very very very very very
simple so as not to give it more turns
matter no
The very simple summary is I myself I myself
I have been warming up on occasions for things
that I was kind of picking him up
how he was getting a mania for Elisel
Okay, and I've been making comments along the way.
over time surely close to a
year because I think the last one
collaboration that the three of us do close
of a year and they are comments that are good to
The best thing is that some of the releases are nonsense.
because maybe if I were you in a
I'll tell you straight about the [ __ ] suckers
Well, it doesn't matter much either.
One thing, eh, they send me extracts of
any opinion or reaction that you make
about some content that I make where
you don't share my point of view and friends
That's what I truly
Javi's appreciation that he is not going to give me
vocabulary
the vocabulary we have the way of
talk that we have too but yes that
It is true that seeing it all together and all
all the time and above all no longer
Bad vocabulary is bad manners
that I have had with them when it comes to
criticize them for the things they were into
disagree okay that is to say it has been a
your problem
I tell you what I tell you what I know about
This specific controversy with Cel that
I think it has made you like a series of
videos I haven't seen yet
but I have pending to see them when
I finished the 24 YouTube videos that
I have to see that there are a lot of them
That's enough, I'm going to put one on
Playlist so far when I go for
Barcelona and I'm going to eat 3 hours of
Videos of Dallas saying you're a
imbecile or rather
what I say to see a little where
Things are at the point where I wanted them to be.
where I wanted to get to the other day
I was in the shower and I put myself in the background
when you were responding to a
video that I had made for you and no
You commented and I really liked it, eh?
comment you said I am not
proud of the things in how I have done
said etcetera then I don't understand no
I understand where there is controversy if you are
recognizing your mistakes, that's where it's at
[ __ ] I applaud you not in a [ __ ] way
because you could try to say but
What I say is true and yet
is recognizing a mistake not what
You were talking about before, can one correct it?
Of course one can if I had had
I also tell you that I'm looking around
like a lot of twist and a lot of people things
throwing in my face that it's like, let's see
Listen to me, churras, I'm not the worst
vocabulary has neither the first one that
He doesn't insult anyone who speaks badly to him.
another And what about the problem is that here
If this kid likes me, both the one and the other
another because both have acted the same
on top of that I have during a series
for months some bad manners with them
On top of that they are responding to me and they are
Responding politely to me, they have
unarmed from what I can't catch and I
I can put up with any objections
So you don't have, that is, you don't have
nothing against you you have nothing in
against them you have or you have them
you have a certain respect
I have opinions that I disagree with.
with them we are in very positions
different with respect to the controversies of
Yes, but I'm not talking about one.
controversy I mean on a personal level
For example, if you go to an event
that it was that I know that you are not going to go to
none but it says that you go to one and you
you find Shure and he has already subscribed
shuri they said around here if you
you find if you find Shure and
you find yourself in a cell you would be
good with them or do you have any problem
with them
Well, it seems [ __ ] great to me because of you
I tell you partly because I am like that.
It would have had another form, imagine not
what I'm saying but based
For me, it is based on having told him the same thing.
I mean, I don't change my mind. I don't
Well, they have their perspective.
I have mine but for me it has been
based on having told him without having told him
the little [ __ ] said I don't know what that the being is
I'm coming down from the I'm getting down
making fun of him, I mean, I went and no
to justify myself but three hours between
to the SEO four hours on the road and there
days that I am better and there are days that
I'm worse and what the live shows have
It's because suddenly maybe you
Now you tell me Javi, is that you yesterday
You said I was an [ __ ] and I told you
I say I have told you that to Tinina and if
I have said and I don't remember because I have
stuck for 8 hours
If I had been based on the heat
from the moment I have really sat down
bad things but it does not justify under any circumstances
moment the way then if I had
based state and would not have had bad
Well, for me now Selma is a
series and I marked another one responding to him
and I say Look how you are interpreting
this Look how you are interpreting it
another Because you are and I start to
reply to him but if I believe that
That is secondary in the controversy, I think.
that they don't care that I'm there
disagreement they don't care that I
I think that what has been criticized is
imported is to do it in a way
[Music]
offending them, I am telling you that
I completely agree on that
case is to say if you have really had
some bad manners against them no and
They have shown you the ways and not the
content in Yes because that would already give for
a debate whatever it is I am 100% for
I agree that it's a damn thing to ask for
sorry and that's it and I think it's great
adult on your part and Super mature and it is
which is but we should not applaud that or
whatever should not be done is fine
but I applaud that you rectify
because you are a gossip channel for them
They are your competition and for you it is a lot
more lucrative and much easier to say
He has made me a series, I make him two and
However, you have chosen a path in
the one that gives him an advantage
competitive and in which he could
take the opportunity to say look look what
I have gotten him to know this and without
However, I believe that you, by showing yourself to the
show you
on Twitter that I might take advantage of to
Now, being cruel is not like Hey, but I think
that they are not going to do it, I don't think so.
That they are going to do it is something I have seen
the content of Cell you do not know the
camera I have seen the content of Cell
and I consume the Celsius one quite a bit.
yeah dude improve parkour you're bad
Minecraft balls I think he does it
I think I think I had an uncle before who
I did it and it was good And now he does it
does as I think he plays it now no
I think I don't think so in a video
He commented that it was him and that he was terrible
Cel improves parkour, dude, it gives me OCD.
I mean, I have toki when suddenly
I see that it falls all the time, I say why
Please, I feel like playing
Now entering into the important thing I
I think cell makes good content
I like the tone in which he treats it
because it is super correct it will have
opinions that I could agree with more
less I will never be completely
I agree with no one in general because
Well, we all think differently in some ways
topics but I think it does a good job
very good gossip channel because it is
just give some news try
make it as objective as possible and
Uncle Shure gets very wet from time to time.
I consume it hardly ever, maybe
I have seen some videos like this but because
I see it as more headline headline headline
That's why I look at you, which makes me more
grace and you do believe that you have it there and
That's also why you are in
You are more controversial than you are more involved
You get wetter, I like it, I'm crazy about it
get wet So I'm more of the one
slope of this Cool to be a
communicator who informs but I like it
much more the one who can be a communicator
give your opinion I think I am too
The more I clown around, the more I don't know ....
tried tried to make this active
I try to make this active not that the
People, stay calm, I'll tell you something else.
Likewise, Sur, I don't know what he has done but
has the YouTube algorithm that
is licking the scrotum at a level
extreme because the visits are crazy
what an impressive invitation
It gives me brutal, let's see, incredible
incredible what I thought such and such
as I saw the
I moved the answer of each one okay that
see his videos I haven't seen them I think
that has made me like 8 9 no I mean I saw
the first two and part of the third
because he started to upload them when just
when I came back from vacation and said
No, I'm not coming back from vacation and there's no controversy.
but I saw them when I saw the tone and no longer
I stopped watching the videos of the series
when I caught it live it was in
directly I was saying that I did not
I'm throwing away my age and I'm not going to throw it away
[ __ ], I'm not even going to take [ __ ] out of him
I am responding and I am teaching what
that he told me he is a big hater
and when I said that I said the first thing that
I don't see that he's a bad kid and the second thing
is that we are going to see delux and there is no
nothing to applaud me for
and I I dedicate myself
You know I think we should applaud
I wish there was no need to applaud this
but I applaud it because I hope the
majority of Pea who gets into a
problem or make a mistake
recognized is that
Yes, I do dedicate myself to criticism
and I want to have a criterion that
people think about my criteria if I
I'm seeing doing things that I
I criticize as I accept Claro
obviously but that's why but that's why
I applaud him because he is being consistent
Do you know how many gossip channels
but there are a lot of channels
sauce that I don't swallow that I've seen
one or two videos and I say this is it
barbarity because they are zero coherent is
hypocrisy Then I applaud the one who
Someone be consistent and hopefully I shouldn't
to do it but it is that in the times in
those who run, no one is coherent there
a constant double standard in
everywhere if I take if I take and
I am against it in that way and
they are not answering me and they
They are having good numbers and they are
passing the insults they are
doing what you think when you see me
because I would think if he looked at me from
out that he is rabid and that he has
envy no
I think that at the moment when you
you have to insult insult not me
I refer for example when I called
[ __ ] yesterday to those two people in
based on a whole series of arguments
[ __ ], this has all been done wrong, you've done it all wrong
committed all these mistakes have given you
all these opportunities and you have
acted badly, it seems stupid to me from there
Well, that's what I categorized
those people with that adjective because
I think that defines that situation well.
I'm being objective if you insult
for insulting Imagine that now comes
someone and says silly let's see the puppy
from Dallas if they come in that tone I think
that person at that moment loses
any kind of thing of value
any if I was listening to him
I just disconnected because in the end there is
a phrase that I don't know by heart
but it was something of a roll that the greater
It is the insult that you make to someone
less is the value of your words not the
argument that you have then if you
you have to miss someone to have
reasons that you have no basis in reason
In fact when I really see a
debate and I say wow, what a review they finish it
to hit some people because you see someone super
angry, screaming, losing his temper
and the other one you are You are now we can go to the
point that touches and there I say
So I don't understand either.
cruelty that I have seen to see if it
I understand why
nor that we are in the most
topic of gossip from kids and such but
on Twitter not making myself like one
trying and it's like let's see you calm down
because for example but
It is obvious that the minimum that they can give you
pull something at you, they're going to throw it at you
They do it even if they don't bother anyone.
For example, people contacted him with the
that I would have had some controversy or
whatever it takes to put more [ __ ] in it
I don't know if I should put more [ __ ] in the videos.
What? And it's like, calm down because one
thing is that I
acknowledge my mistake here because it is not
I have another thing left but another thing is that I
at another time in another controversy there may be
had the same form with another person and
in that one he eats it because in that one he doesn't have it
nothing to do with me, that is, look, I have
I have found the phrase that
Sataniel put it here for us, he says.
strength of your grievance demonstrates the
weakness of your argument There you go
You can win a debate by missing the
respect the other man if the other is
Naim Darrechi, man, and yes, but normally.
when two people have a debate
have one or even an argument that
Sometimes the debate is abandoned and goes away
directly to the discussion I think that
at the moment when someone is missing
Respect for others loses many
points That's why I tell you I could
have a debate with anyone
on any topic you believe in
I have something to say no and that knows of the
theme and will never know that I raised
The Voice I would never raise my voice to
Someone wouldn't care if someone
scream I stay quiet but in the
moment in which that person finishes
I say now and it doesn't let me go, but that's it.
many times it is interesting but uncle me
Right now, look, yesterday I had a talk
with Frank it costs 25,000 spectators
We have been on the subject for a week
Thailand I'm leaving the
eggs to work on that topic you don't
You can imagine, or rather, I've told you.
I think I told you at the beginning of
This guy, I've been stressed for a few days until
the point of starting to cry in
any time eh Pete
I was going to tell you Frank costs
how likely is it that
Yes, I understand that when someone wants
going to the sanctuary has to do like a
donation No
I think not exactly
I think I think that Well I think it's very
I'm likely to see you because he always
go
It's that I have a friend that I contacted
your team to go to the sanctuary and it's like
that has a cost like Frank costs
If you see this I will send you a message I know why
Ricky because Ricky is not going to bother him
I say this, I know that Ricky has good
relationship with you and you with Ricky and what
I understand why you are both great and that he
I wanted to bring you to the podcast But you
You said that you wouldn't go to Andorra.
It would be Madrid or Barcelona for trips that
you play punctually I'm going to
Thailand if you want I'll give you what
you need for the sanctuary to pull
I'm not going to do business with him anymore.
podcast because I'm going to do one for you
donation that will exceed what you
I can win in visits but I want
I want to really see what it's like to meet you
that and I want to make it a podcast
I would like to live that experience, I understand.
that within within evidently A
the best one
It's not like it sells like that either.
that sells that sells the visits
a person but is a person with
a lot of exposure that does a job
brutal for the animals and I understand that
That has a cost, I obviously do.
I'm going to Thailand it's not like he
put up for sale that anyone can
Turn off and enter no Clear clear I
I understand that there is a total profile
he has to choose to invite you
understand No me That's why I am animals
that are protected and
He's listening to you for sure, eh? And me for sure.
I say this with all due respect
the topics you like or not is that
I am really fascinated by the figure of Fran or
be like no, I don't even need to talk to you
It's the gossip that I don't give a damn about.
mere fact that I think he is a person
so authentic is a guy who since
did Frank from the jungle and you saw the
style he had and how he later shat himself
on TV that he had teased her. I mean
I found it brutal what happened to him afterwards.
with the last two programs I have
made with it that I have made two with these
chat they tell me that I am based on him
It's based on the tiktoks you've
good for all those you take out
talking about certain people saying
Yes, yes, but you are here for
auronplay Rubius Willy Vegeta
the host has been heard throughout
Andorra, that is, the bridge has shaken
Tibetan very amazing It gives me up to
many times that is normally what we are
two comfortable and it fits that every time
comes we stick together for 3 hours 3 hours plus
It doesn't happen, eh?
It's crazy, it's crazy, we have good
roll he appreciates me a lot and I appreciate myself
much to him too and also that he is from
true because always in other places I
It is noted that it has been put and is put to
They always have me speaking very well of me
a good place but many times I feel
look
Sit down, pay attention, why do I say this?
We are live and if I say anything
because it has no brakes, that is, it goes without
steering wheel and
I say look that
I say look what they say around here they say If you
You go to Thailand to talk to Franka
Make sure you take Javi I think
If you go to Thailand Javi gives you one
embolism because only as long as the trip lasts
surely you will already get one
syncope of not being able to record videos in case
a sauce comes out but yes yes Frank me
invites you to Thailand Thanks to you I will
I'll pay for your trip so you can come.
Do you want to come? I understand you.
He called me Aby first.
I'll cover it for you. Let's go there, let's do it.
He told me but man, what do I have?
Chrome
I don't know, no, I'm more of a City of the Yo
I'm more of a room-in-the-room kind of guy
Frank and I are going to meet soon.
in person but not in Thailand or rather in
plan because for your, for your illness it is
a problem
I don't know
if you get any vaccine or something for the
style would not surprise me I would not
I would be surprised, I would not be surprised if
you should get some kind of vaccine. No, it's not.
I know I don't know it's another continent it is
another culture he calls me Javi but I
I'll make sure you eat what you need.
same as in Spain and
It's complicated, I mean, now it gives me
an outbreak you know you have a community
You have a moderator here called
Nica and her little things that made me laugh
says in the airplane toilet Very good
days my kids But well what is it
what is uncle telling you right now
I'm doing very well, everything is going very well for me and I
I also want to focus on lifting well
the main channel
if the if the if the problem that
we had something out that has something or
be but it's nonsense it's a thing that
We are not interested in entertaining ourselves and
stop working on that nonsense
understand me. I mean, that distracts me.
nonsense that also me sometimes
on telesalseo channels when we have
had controversy uncle
maybe when we have had controversies
between us now you are distracted because
Look, see what he is answering you.
look and you're taking hours off
work of working and it's like Uncle He
came to work and we are right now
He understands me even at work.
So without further ado, uncle, that is, it's that
I think that
This live show is more epic, man, let's go.
finally to propose a section Eh
So this is what I mean
you want in the end I'll see I wouldn't like it
tell you that I have a lot of free time
which is not true but it is true
I love these kinds of talks.
So I really like gossip.
you think for me I am I think that
Many people who are in the chat
I would like to be where I am now
you know like they would love to be here
talking to you then I have been that
chat guy not that we are
listening
recently, that is, I open it many times
I have opened one lately I have opened
sometimes the spaces of
Twitter and we are here live And such
But uncle inevitably and I know that
I saw it, I saw it, I saw some disrespect to
Dallas in one that doesn't
knows how to read the environment and but
inevitably rise and maybe it is not
to chat how we are making yours
but to tell me Javi I love you very much
I've been seeing you since 2017 and my girlfriend is too.
go on
saying I understand you know I understand or
sea and and I am very grateful to all
your displays of affection and so on but
many times a heavy atmosphere is created
and boring in the sense that each one who goes up
go up for the other day it was that no and
Dallas, I wanted to say hello to you, why?
She was given to me in a spinnaker, I don't know if
you saw that we were both in one
I saw the part I saw the part where he
They came to Dallas to do some hard work and it was
as an uncle but not what you say you have not
known how to read the environment you don't know that no
is the place to do this there is not much
cold
and that's something that bothers me a lot with
Dallas too And they come to
attack him for free in a place that
It has nothing to do with it and it's like a lot
I feel sorry for him because he makes me very angry
[ __ ]
The boy is happy and comes to my channel to
that does not come to work comes
to enjoy that we are here
that we are with the community that
We are here with the people and he is like
one more and they come to bring up the subject later
One came in to yell at him, one goes into a spa
and pedophile pedophile starts and I uncle that
I don't know what the purpose of that is.
What is the grace that you get and now
you cut it, but in the end they get that
minute of Glory they think they are
funny but that's people who
mentally it reaches where it reaches, I tell you
I say when I said that there are many people
who is in the chat that would like
Being here doesn't mean that they should be here
because you have to put a filter on what
I say that I understand that
Obviously, because [ __ ] is a
brutal opportunity No, I like him
much more power to speak than to be
writing because I love to give
my opinion So in the end this is it
You decide if you consider that I can
add value, then count on me and that's it
I'm here for myself but it's not necessary
make it a section and make it nothing
When there is a clear moment when it arises
It arises and when it doesn't arise it doesn't arise and that's it
It is without major problem how long you
is left to pick up spirit from the airport
Man, let's see, I guess I'll go in
an hour and something good because you have
that taking now and spending two hours no
I understand and now I'm going to get into it
I'll get a car, I'll take a monster and
I'll go there
two thirty two thirty three capable
It depends because I have calculated up to
my house is not two hours away from the airport
and a half three it says three because I will go
very quiet because it is night
I'll go slow there tun tun tun tun It's bad.
way and that's it's not very good because
the road is totally fine what
It happens and of course how you get on with the typical
paid to make it super good
road there you have to be very
be careful because it's night or rather I am
very very very very careful behind the wheel no
I run nothing, I always go very calmly
but especially at night
you pick it up immediately back with
She does have to put an airport, eh?
Uncle We have one here in Lay what happens
that there are cardboard airplanes, there are cardboard airplanes
cardboard in the psei What happens is that
better there is a flight a week Madrid and
you go with a plane, a plane
for that What you say goes with propellers but
Chernobyl roll then without further ado I
I always pull from Barcelona and it is also
which also clears my mind a lot
driving I have to listen to myself
podcast so it doesn't bother me is that
Honestly, driving relaxes me a lot.
I go quietly and I don't... I mean, I don't...
It's a problem because nothing, man, that you
may the road be smooth, be careful, you go
rested because it takes and I am I am
a guy who is always a million away
There are no revolutions, there is no drama either.
that I am always there, take note and
I'll still take the monster and be happy.
Yeah, I mean, there's no drama, there's no drama. Well,
Nothing dude, we're in touch. Very much.
Thank you for your great pleasure this is
your house and every time it gets tense around here
See you. Well, I think we're going to see each other.
See, we'll see each other soon about the topic.
Nimus is undoubtedly going to fall
then I also promise to do a podcast that
Don't be all controversial, guys. No, I'm not.
without fear of
gossip calm down okay I mean I want
also touch other types of guests by
Stick example is not that there was either
many to SEO Beyond the false challenge
then I think there is also room
for that type of content but it is that
What am I going to do if suddenly everything
the world is messing things up
Of course I prefer that you do those
then you complain and now you say that
You prefer that but then you complain that
you say it doesn't stop
headline after headline what's going on what's going on
the opposite uncle But well nothing uncle have
Be very careful on the road and go on and on
Greetings to Hey, well, it's just that I don't want to
tell you the girlfriend I know she's watching us
but topics will come out Javier was in that
conversation
if I haven't arrived yet
Me today today
I haven't reached that point yet in fact.
I tell you that I was planning to record it like that
on the 18th or so but I'm going to record it
surely roll The 2021 why because
we are going to this end of also rises also
A friend of mine is from Andorra, so we're going to
take advantage of it to play padel
board games Well then have also
good vibes with her because I think she is
super important because of the issues so
delicate things that are going to be touched that there are
A certain good vibe okay And then I have myself
that I have not yet documented
I haven't arrived at the anime arc yet.
in which you appear then I don't know yet
What is the drama that you still have?
I don't know him, he's just too much.
much much much you still won't do it
record no until a lot of days No no
I have some left, I'll tell you, because today is the 17th
people 3 in the morning I mean it's like
If I were 16 I would stay 17 18 19 already
I have 34 days to prepare it, think that
She's going to be there, I think, on the 26th.
marched So but my the stanic that
This is who records it, I think it is
It's 24 so I'll record it on roll 20
21 22 23 is one of those days
I will record it for sure because I think that
now I have mix editing Well now I don't
because now he is sleeping but tomorrow
will be editing the virus podcast
1000 the next day will continue
editing it because it needs to be done now
much more work than it seems and
until the virus podcast ends
and leave we do not start recording another one
because I have the staff that I have
I also advance I do it I'm already public I'm going to
incorporate in front of the team and I want
change the Setup to give it more power
podcast because [ __ ] it's having so much
success that I am obviously not stupid
I'm going to put more money in there and this
grow more then The idea is to have a
Well, I'm going to try to set up a mini there.
Plato who has above all good good
air conditioning or something because it is that
This is a sauna and we suffered from it today.
and it bothers me a lot because talking
you have there without without air conditioning 4
hours
I have this air from here, the typical east
the mother who gave birth to you What if
we are three sweaty Cavemen
evidently there comes a time when
This has a suction effect that I
for example now I'm sweating a little
I don't even have it on and I'm more or
less good if we are If we were three
people here would be suffering
It's a real pain in the ass, the devil actually does it.
we're going to record at my house
We're going to record it, we're going to record it at home.
from good girl to gemita the skin
sangaming or something like that which is like a
These houses are [ __ ] awesome there
super said we are going to be very comfortable
So if you have it, I'll tell you if you have it.
something that
what to share I'm cool Playlist Pass it to me
so I can look at it and go to bed
I'm going to give it to you I'm going to give it to you I'm going to give it to you
send mine I consider that you have
what to see but we talk anyway
by phone before if you want
we talked on the phone before I recorded
because there are a couple of things that I think
that you should not miss. You know why?
Okay, she's a big liar. She's very
liar
I mean, I think he's right to lie.
I think he has a habit of lying and
Then it would be fine, I see that you have that.
He said a lot to Dallas, I see that he attacks him
with me for the moment
[Music]
of topics that I have talked about Dallas and I
I have told them and everything has been fine with me.
been very honest both in the good and
In the bad I would like to see that
honesty in the podcast and wanted it to be
I would open it and go out, I say it sincerely.
I think nimu
I think he's going to speak honestly or
I think he's going to say, look, I've done this.
done wrong here Yes not here And well then
He's obviously going to say he's going to sneak in.
Surely some Lie because I don't read
Minds are worth it And in the end there are things that one
I don't know, but I'm going to do my best.
effort to make her super comfortable
and can tell everything without any kind of
lie and that's it and ready then wishing
Hey, see you on Sunday without fail.
looking forward to seeing that podcast if there is one
subscribed without fear of success, let's not do it
I think so, but just in case, you already know
look for it and be very attentive with luck
Good luck, maybe it will go up on Saturday, but
Saturday Sunday The idea is that it comes out
that video for that video to put it on
premiere on Sunday afternoon of course O
be like the afternoon I The day that
Let's see what this is about, we're going to explode
whatever day it is
I think we're going to overcome it, I said it.
that I think we were going to overcome all the
records in this case I'm talking about mine
Personally I'm talking about
I currently have the record in one day
make more than 100,000 visits that this
They have only made two episodes, that of
Dallas is good both from Dallas the
two parts because it's Dallas and the and the of
tiparraco and the current record
current is in 48 hours more than 200,000
visits that he was a tough guy that he had
a better launch than the first
uncensored part of Dallas but very very
roll on par is very similar and then
He has already given it a try. He has performed better.
So I think the virus can
do and I'm going to throw the triple but I
I think it could exceed 300,000
visits in 24 hours I think it can be
a firecracker of such caliber is that you
I swear it's so brutal but what if not
It takes a while, you can't have it for tomorrow, man.
and it's going to make me, it's going to make me, it's going to make me
Shout I have spoken to virus to get me
help it reach because it is the
first interested in this reaching
people and it's going to make me Shout so much for
Twitter publishing the thumbnail a priori
once it is available as a repost
the teaser with the premiere link for
see if many people come to the premiere
that's going to make it work 4000
4000 turkeys no Then no visits
You say no, [ __ ], I'm telling you
joke that you have paid him 4000 Ah no for
luckily it's not Marina River no no there
We are saved. There we are.
no no no no enough no but no no me
Please stop the experiences now.
the way you have to go, bastard
over there and back eh
If you see yourself tired, stand with Nimu for the
path
I have a lot of discipline. If in
sometime I get tired I prefer
arrive late or rather I'll write to you before
a message of encouragement and I tell him I'm sorry that
I'm coming to the airport in an hour.
I have no problem sleeping, that is.
I prefer to be late than to be at all
arrive
You know
or if you have to stop on the way back or not
That's why there won't be a problem.
better even if she is already tired and if she is
tired so we take a break because
I have an apartment over there, then we'll come back
raise the point is
I tell you now you are going to close right now
Now I'm going to be Ah man, it's that we
we both hooked up we both hooked up close
Now close, now I'll call you, write to me
I'll call you on WhatsApp
because as I am in Andorra if I don't
They charge and I'll tell you an exclusive that doesn't
I can say
an exclusive that can't be said but I
I can tell you No but you are not telling me
counting down to when I go to bed
I'm telling you so you get horny
the bed but you can't say it Ah but
that I can't say it, no [ __ ] you are
a bastard eh the biggest bastard but oh well
that I can't do it Yes but that
We will know soon, that is to say, from the
interview I understand no
It could be Yes, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
Yes, let's see, I'll close here, but still.
I have to stay here for a while because I have to
record the lollipop and I have to record it
Go on, go on, record what you have to.
record no drama yes yes yes yes yes Now
Now close here whenever you want.
flames But nothing dude Thanks a lot
and be careful along the way and that
and that it turns out well, not to upload it tomorrow
impossible no
it's too not impossible tomorrow no
tomorrow will not be safe
I estimate that it is at least two days.
say tomorrow in an optimal case we have
the edited video and we would need another day
to make the teaser is that the teaser
It may not seem like it, but it is literal.
like a clear movie trailer and
you have to edit the whole thing to
There will be a moment all the time
content is made 4k just for the sake of it
process it from this think that later
He also has, for example,
what is the finished podcast but
then we have to make the teaser I have
I have to check it, check everything, correct it
because there is sure to be some mistake and a
Once it is done it has to be added to the
another to what the 4k podcast itself is
put it together to render what they can be
hours and then upload it and YouTube
Processing podcasts sometimes takes 12 minutes
hours
holy [ __ ], then of course there it is
point sometimes we have taken longer than
that we wanted for it you know but what
Well, they're going to have it next time.
weekend that's the idea and it's going to be epic
It's just going to be worth it. I think there
We are going to position ourselves, I think people
There he will meet us, with that I say it
Well, looking forward to seeing you, man, a big hug
what we talked about, may it go well, a pleasure to
all the kids Goodbye See you later See you later
then
What more do you think of this kid?
is that we have talked for three [ __ ] hours
uncle
We've talked for three [ __ ] hours, I don't know if
I have some pending issues
[Music]
not for newscast
for the news because this is this
this this this
for newscast
for newscast for newscast for
newscast
for newscast
for
comment on it tomorrow in the special I'm going to
to do
Yes, I'm going to record a newscast. Hey.
Guys, subscribe to the Delox Channel
if there is anyone who is not
subscribed yet I'm going to I'm going to take a break
a little coffee and I'm going to record, I'm going to record
the two newscasts and I'm going to Bueno me
I'm going to sleep in two or three hours
Thank you very much everyone I hope you like it
you had a good time
I hope you had a good time okay
See you tomorrow, it's probably worth a
huge kiss family A huge kiss
[Music]